{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033
{\fonttbl {\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet
{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}
{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}
{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}
{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}
{\s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Subtitle;}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 BodyText;}
{\s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 DenseText;}
{\s28\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext28 header;}
{\s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext29 footer;}
{\s30\li360\sa60\sb120\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext30 GroupHeader;}
{\s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext41 Code Example 0;}
{\s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext42 Code Example 1;}
{\s42\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext43 Code Example 2;}
{\s43\li1080\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext44 Code Example 3;}
{\s44\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext45 Code Example 4;}
{\s45\li1800\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext46 Code Example 5;}
{\s46\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext47 Code Example 6;}
{\s47\li2520\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext48 Code Example 7;}
{\s48\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 8;}
{\s49\li3240\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 9;}
{\s50\li0\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext51 List Continue 0;}
{\s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext52 List Continue 1;}
{\s52\li720\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext53 List Continue 2;}
{\s53\li1080\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext54 List Continue 3;}
{\s54\li1440\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext55 List Continue 4;}
{\s55\li1800\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext56 List Continue 5;}
{\s56\li2160\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext57 List Continue 6;}
{\s57\li2520\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext58 List Continue 7;}
{\s58\li2880\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 8;}
{\s59\li3240\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 9;}
{\s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext61 DescContinue 0;}
{\s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext62 DescContinue 1;}
{\s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext63 DescContinue 2;}
{\s63\li1080\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext64 DescContinue 3;}
{\s64\li1440\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext65 DescContinue 4;}
{\s65\li1800\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext66 DescContinue 5;}
{\s66\li2160\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext67 DescContinue 6;}
{\s67\li2520\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext68 DescContinue 7;}
{\s68\li2880\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 8;}
{\s69\li3240\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 9;}
{\s70\li0\sa30\sb30\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 LatexTOC 0;}
{\s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 LatexTOC 1;}
{\s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 LatexTOC 2;}
{\s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 LatexTOC 3;}
{\s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 LatexTOC 4;}
{\s75\li1800\sa15\sb15\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 LatexTOC 5;}
{\s76\li2160\sa12\sb12\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 LatexTOC 6;}
{\s77\li2520\sa9\sb9\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 LatexTOC 7;}
{\s78\li2880\sa6\sb6\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 8;}
{\s79\li3240\sa3\sb3\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 9;}
{\s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 \sautoupd List Bullet 0;}
{\s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 \sautoupd List Bullet 1;}
{\s82\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls3\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 \sautoupd List Bullet 2;}
{\s83\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1440{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls4\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 \sautoupd List Bullet 3;}
{\s84\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1800{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls5\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 \sautoupd List Bullet 4;}
{\s85\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2160{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls6\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 \sautoupd List Bullet 5;}
{\s86\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2520{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls7\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 \sautoupd List Bullet 6;}
{\s87\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2880{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls8\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls8\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 \sautoupd List Bullet 7;}
{\s88\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3240{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls9\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls9\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 8;}
{\s89\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3600{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls10\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls10\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 9;}
{\s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext91 \sautoupd List Enum 0;}
{\s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext92 \sautoupd List Enum 1;}
{\s92\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext93 \sautoupd List Enum 2;}
{\s93\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext94 \sautoupd List Enum 3;}
{\s94\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext95 \sautoupd List Enum 4;}
{\s95\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s96\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s97\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext98 \sautoupd List Enum 7;}
{\s98\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 8;}
{\s99\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 9;}
}
{\comment begin body}
{\info 
{\title {\comment MC-EMR }MC-EMR}
{\comment Generated byDoxgyen. }
{\creatim \yr2013\mo4\dy23\hr0\min42\sec27}
}\pard\plain 
\sectd\pgnlcrm
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\vertalc\qc\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TITLE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt TITLE}}\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\par
\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst AUTHOR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt AUTHOR}}\par
Version \par{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst CREATEDATE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt CREATEDATE}}\par
\page\page\vertalt
\pard\plain 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Table of Contents\par
\pard\plain \par
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TOC \\f \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Table of contents}}\par
\pard\plain 
\sect \sbkpage \pgndec \pgnrestart
\sect \sectd \sbknone
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Introduction{\tc \v Introduction}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADGF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADGF}
\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The {\b TestFlight} SDK allows you to track how beta testers are testing your application. Out of the box we track simple usage information, such as which tester is using your application, their device model/OS, how long they used the application, logs of their test session, and automatic recording of any crashes they encounter.\par
To get the most out of the SDK we have provided the Checkpoint API.\par
The Checkpoint API is used to help you track exactly how your testers are using your application. Curious about which users passed level 5 in your game, or posted their high score to Twitter, or found that obscure feature? With a single line of code you can finally gather all this information. Wondering how many times your app has crashed? Wondering who your power testers are? We've got you covered. See more information on the Checkpoint API in section 4.\par
Alongside the Checkpoint API is the Questions interface. The Questions interface is managed on a per build basis on the {\b TestFlight} website. Find out more about the Questions Interface in section 6.\par
For more detailed debugging we have a remote logging solution. Find out more about our logging system with TFLog in the Remote Logging section.\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}Considerations\par}
Information gathered by the SDK is sent to the website in real time. When an application is put into the background (iOS 4.x) or terminated (iOS 3.x) we try to send the finalizing information for the session during the time allowed for finalizing the application. Should all of the data not get sent the remaining data will be sent the next time the application is launched. As such, to get the most out of the SDK we recommend your application support iOS 4.0 and higher.\par
This SDK can be run from both the iPhone Simulator and Device and has been tested using Xcode 4.0.\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}Integration\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Add the files to your project: File -> Add Files to " "{
\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Find and select the folder that contains the SDK\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab Make sure that "Copy items into destination folder (if needed)" is checked\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab Set Folders to "Create groups for any added folders"\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
4.\tab Select all targets that you want to add the SDK to\par}
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab Verify that libTestFlight.a has been added to the Link Binary With Libraries Build Phase for the targets you want to use the SDK with{
\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Select your Project in the Project Navigator\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab Select the target you want to enable the SDK for\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab Select the Build Phases tab\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
4.\tab Open the Link Binary With Libraries Phase\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
5.\tab If libTestFlight.a is not listed, drag and drop the library from your Project Navigator to the Link Binary With Libraries area\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
6.\tab Repeat Steps 2 - 5 until all targets you want to use the SDK with have the SDK linked\par}
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab Add libz to your Link Binary With Libraries Build Phase{
\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Select your Project in the Project Navigator\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab Select the target you want to enable the SDK for\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab Select the Build Phases tab\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
4.\tab Open the Link Binary With Libraries Phase\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
5.\tab Click the + to add a new library\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
6.\tab Find libz.dylib in the list and add it\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
7.\tab Repeat Steps 2 - 6 until all targets you want to use the SDK with have libz.dylib\par}
\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab In your Application Delegate:{
\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Import {\b TestFlight}: {\f2 #import "TestFlight.h"} \par
***NOTE:*** Rather than importing {\f2 {\b TestFlight.h}}  in every file you may add the above line into you pre-compiled header ({\f2 <projectname>_Prefix.pch} ) file inside of the {
\par
\pard\plain \s42\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid #ifdef __OBJC__ \par
}
\par
section. This will give you access to the SDK across all files.\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Get your Team Token which you can find at {\f2 http://testflightapp.com/dashboard/team/} select the team you are using from the team selection drop down list on the top of the page and then select Team Info.\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Launch {\b TestFlight} with your Team Token {
\par
\pard\plain \s42\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid  -(BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application \par
     didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions \{\par
 // start of your application:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions \par
 // ...\par
 [TestFlight takeOff:@"Insert your Team Token here"];\par
 // The rest of your application:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions method\par
 // ...\par
 \}\par
}
\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab To report crashes to you we install our own uncaught exception handler. If you are not currently using an exception handler of your own then all you need to do is go to the next step. If you currently use an Exception Handler, or you use another framework that does please go to the section on advanced exception handling.\par}
\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab To enable the best crash reporting possible we recommend setting the following project build settings in Xcode to NO for all targets that you want to have live crash reporting for. You can find build settings by opening the Project Navigator (default command+1 or command+shift+j) then clicking on the project you are configuring (usually the first selection in the list). From there you can choose to either change the global project settings or settings on an individual project basis. All settings below are in the Deployment Section.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Deployment Post Processing\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab Strip Debug Symbols During Copy\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab Strip Linked Product\par}
\par}
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}Beta Testing and Release Differentiation\par}
In order to provide more information about your testers while beta testing you will need to provide the device's unique identifier. This identifier is not something that the SDK will collect from the device and we do not recommend using this in production. To send the device identifier to us put the following code before your call to takeOff. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid #define TESTING 1\par
#ifdef TESTING\par
    [TestFlight setDeviceIdentifier:[[UIDevice currentDevice] uniqueIdentifier]];\par
#endif\par
}
\par
This will allow you to have the best possible information during testing, but disable getting and sending of the device unique identifier when you release your application. When it is time to release simply comment out #define TESTING 1. If you decide to not include the device's unique identifier during your testing phase {\b TestFlight} will still collect all of the information that you send but it may be anonymized.\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}Checkpoint API\par}
When a tester does something you care about in your app you can pass a checkpoint. For example completing a level, adding a todo item, etc. The checkpoint progress is used to provide insight into how your testers are testing your apps. The passed checkpoints are also attached to crashes, which can help when creating steps to replicate.\par
{\f2 [{\b TestFlight} passCheckpoint:@"CHECKPOINT_NAME"];}  Use {\f2 passCheckpoint:}  to track when a user performs certain tasks in your application. This can be useful for making sure testers are hitting all parts of your application, as well as tracking which testers are being thorough.\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}Feedback API\par}
To launch unguided feedback call the openFeedbackView method. We recommend that you call this from a GUI element. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid -(IBAction)launchFeedback \{\par
    [TestFlight openFeedbackView];\par
\}\par
}
\par
If you want to create your own feedback form you can use the submitCustomFeedback method to submit the feedback that the user has entered. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid -(IBAction)submitFeedbackPressed:(id)sender \{\par
    NSString *feedback = [self getUserFeedback];\par
    [TestFlight submitFeedback:feedback];\par
\}\par
}
\par
The above sample assumes that [self getUserFeedback] is implemented such that it obtains the users feedback from the GUI element you have created and that submitFeedbackPressed is the action for your submit button.\par
Once users have submitted feedback from inside of the application you can view it in the feedback area of your build page.\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}Upload your build\par}
After you have integrated the SDK into your application you need to upload your build to {\b TestFlight}. You can upload from your dashboard or or using the Upload API, full documentation at {\f2 https://testflightapp.com/api/doc/}\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}Questions Interface\par}
In order to ask a question, you'll need to associate it with a checkpoint. Make sure your checkpoints are initialized by running your app and hitting them all yourself before you start adding questions.\par
There are three question types available: Yes/No, Multiple Choice, and Long Answer.\par
To create questions, visit your builds Questions page and click on 'Add Question'. If you choose Multiple Choice, you'll need to enter a list of possible answers for your testers to choose from \'97 otherwise, you'll only need to enter your question's, well, question. If your build has no questions, you can also choose to migrate questions from another build (because seriously \'97 who wants to do all that typing again)?\par
After restarting your application on an approved device, when you pass the checkpoint associated with your questions a {\b TestFlight} modal question form will appear on the screen asking the beta tester to answer your question.\par
After you upload a new build to {\b TestFlight} you will need to associate questions once again. However if your checkpoints and questions have remained the same you can choose "copy questions from an older build" and choose which build to copy the questions from.\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}View the results\par}
As testers install your build and start to test it you will see their session data on the web on the build report page for the build you've uploaded.\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}Advanced Exception Handling\par}
An uncaught exception means that your application is in an unknown state and there is not much that you can do but try and exit gracefully. Our SDK does its best to get the data we collect in this situation to you while it is crashing, but it is designed in such a way that the important act of saving the data occurs in as safe way a way as possible before trying to send anything. If you do use uncaught exception or signal handlers install your handlers before calling {\f2 takeOff} . Our SDK will then call your handler while ours is running. For example: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   /*\par
   My Apps Custom uncaught exception catcher, we do special stuff here, and TestFlight takes care of the rest\par
  */\par
  void HandleExceptions(NSException *exception) \{\par
    NSLog(@"This is where we save the application data during a exception");\par
    // Save application data on crash\par
  \}\par
  /*\par
   My Apps Custom signal catcher, we do special stuff here, and TestFlight takes care of the rest\par
  */\par
  void SignalHandler(int sig) \{\par
    NSLog(@"This is where we save the application data during a signal");\par
    // Save application data on crash\par
  \}\par
\par
  -(BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application \par
  didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions \{    \par
    // installs HandleExceptions as the Uncaught Exception Handler\par
    NSSetUncaughtExceptionHandler(&HandleExceptions);\par
    // create the signal action structure \par
    struct sigaction newSignalAction;\par
    // initialize the signal action structure\par
    memset(&newSignalAction, 0, sizeof(newSignalAction));\par
    // set SignalHandler as the handler in the signal action structure\par
    newSignalAction.sa_handler = &SignalHandler;\par
    // set SignalHandler as the handlers for SIGABRT, SIGILL and SIGBUS\par
    sigaction(SIGABRT, &newSignalAction, NULL);\par
    sigaction(SIGILL, &newSignalAction, NULL);\par
    sigaction(SIGBUS, &newSignalAction, NULL);\par
    // Call takeOff after install your own unhandled exception and signal handlers\par
    [TestFlight takeOff:@"Insert your Team Token here"];\par
    // continue with your application initialization\par
  \}\par
}
\par
You do not need to add the above code if your application does not use exception handling already.\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}Remote Logging\par}
To perform remote logging you can use the TFLog method which logs in a few different methods described below. In order to make the transition from NSLog to TFLog easy we have used the same method signature for TFLog as NSLog. You can easily switch over to TFLog by adding the following macro to your header {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid #define NSLog TFLog\par
}
\par
That will do a switch from NSLog to TFLog, if you want more information, such as file name and line number you can use a macro like {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid #define NSLog(__FORMAT__, ...) TFLog((@"%s [Line %d] " __FORMAT__), __PRETTY_FUNCTION__, __LINE__, ##__VA_ARGS__)\par
}
\par
Which will produce output that looks like {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid -[HTFCheckpointsController showYesNoQuestion:] [Line 45] Pressed YES/NO\par
}
\par
We have implemented three different loggers. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 1. TestFlight logger\par
2. Apple System Log logger\par
3. STDERR logger\par
}
\par
Each of the loggers log asynchronously and all TFLog calls are non blocking. The {\b TestFlight} logger writes its data to a file which is then sent to our servers on Session End events. The Apple System Logger sends its messages to the Apple System Log and are viewable using the Organizer in Xcode when the device is attached to your computer. The ASL logger can be disabled by turning it off in your {\b TestFlight} options {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid [TestFlight setOptions:[NSDictionary dictionaryWithObject:[NSNumber numberWithBool:NO] forKey:@"logToConsole"]];\par
}
\par
The default option is YES.\par
The STDERR logger sends log messages to STDERR so that you can see your log statements while debugging. The STDERR logger is only active when a debugger is attached to your application. If you do not wish to use the STDERR logger you can disable it by turning it off in your {\b TestFlight} options {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid [TestFlight setOptions:[NSDictionary dictionaryWithObject:[NSNumber numberWithBool:NO] forKey:@"logToSTDERR"]];\par
}
\par
The default option is YES.\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}Advanced Remote Logging\par}
For most users we expect using TFLog to provide all of the logging functionality that they need. For the occasion where you need to provide a wrapper around TFLog we provide {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid void TFLogv(NSString *format, va_list arg_list);\par
}
\par
Using TFLogv you can have your method that accepts a variable number of arguments that then passes that format and argument list to TFLog.\par
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}iOS3\par}
We now require that anyone who is writing an application that supports iOS3 add the System.framework as an optional link. In order to provide a better shutdown experience we send any large log files to our servers in the background. To add System.framework as an optional link:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Select your Project in the Project Navigator\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab Select the target you want to enable the SDK for\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab Select the Build Phases tab\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
4.\tab Open the Link Binary With Libraries Phase\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
5.\tab Click the + to add a new library\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
6.\tab Find libSystem.dylib in the list and add it\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
7.\tab To the right of libSystem.dylib in the Link Binary With Libraries pane change "Required" to "Optional" \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
1.1 - September 13, 2012{\tc \v 1.1 - September 13, 2012}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADGG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADGG}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
armv7s and iOS 6 support\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Updated for general release\par}
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}1.1 BETA 3 - September 12, 2012\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
armv7s slice added to library\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
fixed typo for in application updates, inAppUdates changed to inAppUpdates\par}
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}1.1 BETA 2 - September 6, 2012\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Re-enabled armv6 support\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Added option to disable in application updates\par}
{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 3}1.1 BETA 1 - July 13, 2012\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Added TFLogv to allow for log customizations. Check the README or online docs for more information.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Added option attachBacktraceToFeedback, which attaches a backtrace to feedback sent from the SDK. For users who use feedback in more than one location in the application.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Resolved issue where other exception handlers would not be called during an exception.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
SDK now sends the device language for a session.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Documentation fixes.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Stability fixes.\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}1.0 - March 29, 2012\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Resolved occurrences of exceptions with the message "No background task exists with identifier 0"\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}1.0 BETA 1 - March 23, 2012\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Privacy Updates\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UDID is no longer collected by the SDK. During testing please use {\f2 [{\b TestFlight} setDeviceIdentifier:[[UIDevice currentDevice] uniqueIdentifier]];}  to send the UDID so you can identify your testers. For release do not set {\f2 +setDeviceIdentifier} . See Beta Testing and Release Differentiation in the README or online at {\f2 https://testflightapp.com/sdk/doc/1.0beta1/}\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.8.3 - February 14, 2012\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Rolled previous beta code into release builds\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
No longer allow in application updates to occur in applications that were obtained from the app store.\par}
{\b Tested compiled library with:} \par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 4.3\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 4.2\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 4.1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 3.2.6\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.8.3 BETA 5 - February 10, 2012\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Changed logging from asynchronous to synchronous.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Resolved crash when looking for a log path failed.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Added submitFeedback to the {\b TestFlight} class to allow for custom feedback forms.\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.8.3 BETA 4 - January 20, 2012\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Resolved an issue that occured when an application was upgraded from 0.8.3 BETA 1 to 0.8.3 BETA 3+ with unsent data from 0.8.3 BETA 1\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.8.3 BETA 3 - January 19, 2012\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
On crash log files over 64k will not be sent until next launch.\par}
{\b Known Issues:} \par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Logging massive amounts of data at the end of a session may prevent the application from launching in time on next launch\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.8.3 BETA 2 - January 13, 2012\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
libz.dylib is now required to be added to your "Link Binary with Libraries" build phase\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Log file compression, The compression is done on an as needed basis rather than before sending\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Changed all outgoing data from JSON to MessagePack\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Added option {\f2 logToSTDERR}  to disable the {\f2 STDERR}  logger\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.8.3 BETA 1 - December 29, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
In rare occurrences old session data that had not been sent to our server may have been discarded or attached to the wrong build. It is now no longer discarded\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Made sending of Session End events more robust\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Network queuing system does better bursting of unsent data\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Log files that are larger than 64K are now sent sometime after the next launch\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Log files that are larger than 16MB are no longer supported and will be replaced with a message indicating the log file was too large\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Fixed crashes while resuming from background\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.8.2 - December 20, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Promoted 0.8.2 BETA 4 to stable\par}
{\b Known Issues:} \par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Under some circumstances Session End events may not be sent until the next launch.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
With large log files Session End events may take a long time to show up.\par}
{\b Tested compiled library with:} \par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 4.3\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 4.2\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 4.1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 3.2.6\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.8.2 BETA 4 - December 12, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Prevented "The string argument is NULL" from occuring during finishedHandshake in rare cases\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Resolved issue where data recorded while offline may not be sent\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.8.2 BETA 3 - December 8, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Added auto-release pools to background setup and tear down\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.8.2 BETA 2 - December 5, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Fixed the "pointer being freed was not allocated" bug\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.8.1 - November 18, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Implemented TFLog logging system, see README for more information\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Fixed an issue where Session End events may not be sent until next launch\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Fixed an issue where duplicate events could be sent\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Fixed an issue with Session End events not being sent from some iPod touch models\par}
{\b Tested compiled library with:} \par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 4.2\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 4.1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 3.2.6\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.8 - November 8, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Added {\f2 SIGTRAP}  as a signal type that we catch\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Removed all Objective-c from crash reporting\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Removed the use of non signal safe functions from signal handling\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Created a signal safe way to get symbols from a stack trace\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Changed the keyboardType for Long Answer Questions and Feedback to allow for international character input\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Changed {\f2 TESTFLIGHT_SDK_VERSION}  string to be an {\f2 {\b NSString}} \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Changed cache folder from Library/Caches/TestFlight to Library/Caches/com.testflight.testflightsdk\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Fixed issue with saving data when device is offline\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Fixed compability issues with iOS 3\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Added calling into the rootViewController shouldAutorotateToInterfaceOrientation if a rootViewController is set\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Made the comments in {\b TestFlight.h} compatible with Appledoc\par}
Tested compiled library with:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 4.2\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 4.1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Xcode 3.2\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.7.2 - September 29, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Changed {\f2 TESTFLIGHT_SDK_VERSION}  string to be an {\f2 {\b NSString}} \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Fixed an issue where exiting an application while the SDK is active caused modal views to be dismissed\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.7.1 - September 22, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Internal release\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Refactoring\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.7 - September 21, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Moved {\b TestFlight} images and data to the Library/Caches folder\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Resolved an issue where sometimes the rootViewController could not be found and feedback, questions and upgrade views would not be displayed\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
In application upgrade changed to allow skipping until the next version is installed and allows upgrades to be forced\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Fixed a memory leak when launching questions\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.6 - September 2, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Renamed base64_encode to testflight_base64_encode to remove a conflict with other third party libraries\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Added ability to reinstall crash handlers when they are overwritten using the setOptions API\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Fixed an issue where crash reports might not get sent under certain circumstances\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Fixed a deadlock when the application is put in the background and then resumed before all information can be sent\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Fixed an issue when attempting to un-install all signal handlers during a signal\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Added support for landscape mode on the iPad to the Questions and Feedback views\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Crash reporting now works in versions of Xcode earlier than 4.2\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Fixed a memory leak during handshake\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.5 - August 19, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Feedback that is not attached to a checkpoint [{\b TestFlight} openFeedbackView]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Usability changes to question views\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Removed pause and resume sessions, replaced with sessions being stopped and started\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Added text auto correction to the Long Answer question type\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Crash reports now send on crash instead of next launch\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.4 - August 15, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
In Application Feedback with Questions\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
In application updates\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Custom Environment Information added\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Networking stack reimplementation\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Exception handling fixes\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.3 - June 15, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Removed all mention of JSONKit from the README\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Added support for using both the Bundle Version and the Bundle Short Version string\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.2 - June 14, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Removed all categories this allows users to use the SDK without having to set -ObjC and -load_all\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Prefixed JSONKit for use in {\b TestFlight} to remove reported issues where some users were already using JSONKit\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Added support for armv6 again\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl \v 4}0.1 - June 11, 2011\par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Initial Version \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Deprecated List{\tc \v Deprecated List}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADGH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADGH}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAA}
Member {\b [GHAsyncTestCase waitFor:timeout:]}  \par
}
{\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Use waitForTimeout: \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Module Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Module Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Modules\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here is a list of all modules:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
context scope\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
card share\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
card disposition\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
smart card states\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
reader states\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
error codes\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
card protocol\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PCI structures\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PCSC winscard.h smart card API\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Class Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Hierarchical Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Class Hierarchy\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid This inheritance list is sorted roughly, but not completely, alphabetically:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
AJNotificationView()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ASIAuthenticationDialog()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<ASICacheDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIDownloadCache\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
ASIDataCompressor()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ASIDataDecompressor()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ASIDownloadCache()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAII \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ASIFormDataRequest()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAJB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ASIHTTPRequest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAJH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIFormDataRequest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
ASIHTTPRequest()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<ASIHTTPRequestDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAUZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASINetworkQueue\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAVO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
ASINetworkQueue()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<ASIProgressDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASINetworkQueue\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAVO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
<BaseObjectProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BaseObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MedicationObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PatientObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PrescriptionObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
QueueManager\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
UserObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
VisitationObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADFG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
StatusObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADAU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
<CommonObjectProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAZH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MedicationObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PatientObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PrescriptionObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
UserObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
VisitationObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADFG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
CurrentDiagnosisTableCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAZO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
CurrentDiagnosisViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
CurrentVisitTableCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
CurrentVisitViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DashboardTableCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<DatabaseDriverProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
DatabaseDriver\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BaseObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
}\par
<DatabaseProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Database\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
DateController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DoctorPatientViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DoctorPrescriptionCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DoctorPrescriptionViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DoctorViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<FingerprintObjectProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
FingerprintObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
FIUAppDelegate\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
FIUPatientCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GCDAsyncSocket(Private)\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABKD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<GCDAsyncSocketDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABMR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ServerCore\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACYU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
GenericStartViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABOO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHMockNSHTTPURLResponse\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHNSURLConnectionMockTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<GHTest>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GHTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
<GHTestCaseLogWriter>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GHTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
<GHTestDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHTestOperation\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHTestStats\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHUIImageViewControl\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABTA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHUnitIOSTableViewDataSource\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABTI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHUnitIOSTestView\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABTL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<GHUnitIOSTestViewDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABUA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GHUnitIOSTestViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABTU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
LoginViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
MBProgressHUD()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABXD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<MBProgressHUDDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Medication\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<MedicationObjectProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MedicationObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
MedicineSearchCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
MedicineSearchResultCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
MedicineSearchViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
MenuViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
MenuViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<MobileClinicFacadeProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicFacade\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
MyAsyncTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
MyTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
MyViewTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
NSDate\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
NSException(GHTestMacros_GTMSenTestAdditions)\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
NSObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIDataCompressor\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ASIDataDecompressor\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ASIDownloadCache\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ASIInputStream\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAVJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
CameraFacade\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ColorMe\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Database\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DatabaseDriver\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
FingerprintObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GCDAsyncReadPacket\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GCDAsyncSocket\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABGH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GCDAsyncSocketPreBuffer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABNE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GCDAsyncSpecialPacket\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABNU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GCDAsyncWritePacket\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABNX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHMockNSURLConnection\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHTestCase\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BaseObjectTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHAsyncTestCase\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABOQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
CurrentDiagnosisViewControllerTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DoctorPatientViewControllerTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PatientObjectTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RegisterPatientViewControllerTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACUX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
TriageViewControllerTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADCK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
GHViewTestCase\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
GHUnitIOSAppDelegate\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABTF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GHUnitIPhoneAppDelegate\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
HTTPCore\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ServerCore\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACYU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ServerWrapper\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACZX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
MobileClinicFacade\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ObjectFactory\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBAccessory\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBBioMatch3Database\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBBiomatch3Verifier\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBBiometry\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBBiometryEnrollConfig\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBBiometryFinger\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBBiometryTemplate\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBBiometryUser\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBBiometryVerifyConfig\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBLibrary\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACIB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBReferenceDatabase\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACLX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBSmartcard\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACMA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PBSmartcard7816\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACMS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PBSmartcardBioManager\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACNL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s75\li1800\sa15\sb15\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PBSmartcardIDStore\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACOK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
}\par
}\par
PBSmartcardBioManagerContainer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACOE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBSmartcardIDStoreContainer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACOS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Reachability\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACTF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Server\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACWU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
StatusObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADAU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
TestFlight\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADBC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
UICamera\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADCL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
NSString\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PatientDashboardViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PatientHistoryTableCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<PatientObjectProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PatientObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
PatientQueueTableCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PatientQueueViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PatientResultTableCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Patients\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<PBAccessoryDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBBarImageView\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBBioManagerKeyProperties\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<PBBiometryDatabase>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
FingerprintObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBBioMatch3Database\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBReferenceDatabase\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACLX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
<PBBiometryGUI>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PBEnrollmentController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBPractice4Controller\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACKK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBVerificationController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACOY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
<PBBiometryVerifier>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PBBiomatch3Verifier\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
<PBEnrollmentDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PBManageFingersController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACIE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
PBFingerImageView\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<PBFingerPickerDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBSmartcardAppDelegate\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACNB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<PBVerificationDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PBManageFingersController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACIE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
SearchPatientViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACWF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
PharmacyPatientViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PharmacyPrescriptionCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PharmacyPrescriptionViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PharmacyViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PrescribePatientViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Prescription\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<PrescriptionObjectProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PrescriptionObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
PreviousVisitsTableCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PreviousVisitsTableCell()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PreviousVisitsViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PreviousVisitTableCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Queue\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
QueueTableCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Reachability(private)\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACTY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RegisterPatientTableCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACUA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RegisterPatientViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACUW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RNBlurModalView()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACVJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RNBlurView\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACVL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RNCloseButton\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACVN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
SCARD_IO_REQUEST\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACVO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
SCARD_READERSTATE\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACVR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<SCOperationDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACVY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<ScreenNavigationDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACWB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
SearchPatientTableCell\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACWD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
SearchPatientViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACWT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Server()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACXU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Server(Private)\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACYI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ServerCore(Private)\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACZE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<ServerDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACZG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ServerWrapper\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACZX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
<ServerProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACZO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ServerCore\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACYU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
StationNavigationController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADAJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
StationNavigationController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADAL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
StationViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADAR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<StationViewHandlerProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADAS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<StatusObjectProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADBB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
TriagePatientViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADBZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
TriageViewController()\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADCJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<UICameraDelegate>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
CameraFacade\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
UIImage\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
UIImage(Blur)\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
UILabel\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
UILabel(AutoSize)\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
UIView\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
AJNotificationView\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHImageDiffView\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHUnitIOSView\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABUE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
MBProgressHUD\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
MBRoundProgressView\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RNBlurModalView\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACUY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
UIView(Screenshot)\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
UIView(Sizes)\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
UIViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIAutorotatingViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIAuthenticationDialog\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
CurrentDiagnosisViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAZQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
CurrentVisitViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DateController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DoctorPatientViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DoctorPrescriptionViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DoctorViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GenericStartViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABOD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHUnitIOSTestViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABTU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
GHUnitIOSViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABUP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
LoginViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
MedicineSearchViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PatientDashboardViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PatientQueueViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBDisconnectionViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBEnrollmentController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBFingerPickerController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBManageFingersController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACIE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBPractice1Controller\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACJK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBPractice2Controller\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACJT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBPractice3Controller\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACKB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBPractice4Controller\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACKK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBPracticeController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACLP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PBVerificationController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACOY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PharmacyPatientViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PharmacyPrescriptionViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PharmacyViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PrescribePatientViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
PreviousVisitsViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
RegisterPatientViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACUC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
SearchPatientViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACWF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
StationViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADAM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
TriagePatientViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADBK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
TriageViewController\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADCA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
<UserObjectProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UserObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
Users\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Visitation\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADEM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
<VisitationObjectProtocol>\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADFI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
VisitationObject\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADFG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Class Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Class Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Class List\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here are the classes, structs, unions and interfaces with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\b AJNotificationView} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b AJNotificationView()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIAuthenticationDialog} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIAuthenticationDialog()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIAutorotatingViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <ASICacheDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIDataCompressor} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIDataCompressor()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIDataDecompressor} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIDataDecompressor()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIDownloadCache} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIDownloadCache()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAII \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIFormDataRequest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIFormDataRequest()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAJB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIHTTPRequest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAJH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIHTTPRequest()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <ASIHTTPRequestDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAUZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASIInputStream} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAVJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASINetworkQueue} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAVO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ASINetworkQueue()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <ASIProgressDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b BaseObject} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAWU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <BaseObjectProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAXL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b BaseObjectTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CameraFacade} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ColorMe} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAYL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <CommonObjectProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAZH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CurrentDiagnosisTableCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAZO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CurrentDiagnosisViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAZQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CurrentDiagnosisViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CurrentDiagnosisViewControllerTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CurrentVisitTableCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CurrentVisitViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABAI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b CurrentVisitViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DashboardTableCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Database} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABBT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DatabaseDriver} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <DatabaseDriverProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <DatabaseProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DateController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DateController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DoctorPatientViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABCX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DoctorPatientViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DoctorPatientViewControllerTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DoctorPrescriptionCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DoctorPrescriptionViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABDZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DoctorPrescriptionViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DoctorViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DoctorViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b FingerprintObject} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABEX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <FingerprintObjectProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b FIUAppDelegate} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b FIUPatientCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GCDAsyncReadPacket} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABFP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GCDAsyncSocket} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABGH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GCDAsyncSocket(Private)} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABKD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <GCDAsyncSocketDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABMR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GCDAsyncSocketPreBuffer} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABNE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GCDAsyncSpecialPacket} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABNU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GCDAsyncWritePacket} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABNX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GenericStartViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABOD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GenericStartViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABOO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHAsyncTestCase} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABOQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHImageDiffView} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHMockNSHTTPURLResponse} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHMockNSURLConnection} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABPW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHNSURLConnectionMockTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABQQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <GHTest>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHTestCase} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABRW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <GHTestCaseLogWriter>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <GHTestDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHTestOperation} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHTestStats} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABSV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHUIImageViewControl} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABTA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHUnitIOSAppDelegate} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABTF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHUnitIOSTableViewDataSource} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABTI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHUnitIOSTestView} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABTL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHUnitIOSTestViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABTU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <GHUnitIOSTestViewDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABUA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHUnitIOSView} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABUE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHUnitIOSViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABUP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHUnitIPhoneAppDelegate} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b GHViewTestCase} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b HTTPCore} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b LoginViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b LoginViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MBProgressHUD} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABVX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MBProgressHUD()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABXD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <MBProgressHUDDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MBRoundProgressView} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Medication} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MedicationObject} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <MedicationObjectProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MedicineSearchCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MedicineSearchResultCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MedicineSearchViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABYU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MedicineSearchViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MenuViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MenuViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MobileClinicFacade} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <MobileClinicFacadeProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MyAsyncTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MyTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b MyViewTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAABZZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NSDate} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NSException(GHTestMacros_GTMSenTestAdditions)} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NSObject} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b NSString} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ObjectFactory} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatientDashboardViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatientDashboardViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatientHistoryTableCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACAW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatientObject} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <PatientObjectProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatientObjectTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatientQueueTableCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatientQueueViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatientQueueViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PatientResultTableCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACBY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Patients} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBAccessory} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACCS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <PBAccessoryDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBBarImageView} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBBioManagerKeyProperties} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBBioMatch3Database} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBBiomatch3Verifier} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBBiometry} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACDP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <PBBiometryDatabase>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBBiometryEnrollConfig} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBBiometryFinger} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <PBBiometryGUI>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACEV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBBiometryTemplate} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBBiometryUser} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <PBBiometryVerifier>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBBiometryVerifyConfig} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBDisconnectionViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBEnrollmentController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACFZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <PBEnrollmentDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBFingerImageView} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBFingerPickerController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <PBFingerPickerDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACHZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBLibrary} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACIB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBManageFingersController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACIE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBPractice1Controller} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACJK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBPractice2Controller} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACJT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBPractice3Controller} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACKB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBPractice4Controller} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACKK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBPracticeController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACLP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBReferenceDatabase} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACLX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBSmartcard} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACMA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBSmartcard7816} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACMS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBSmartcardAppDelegate} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACNB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBSmartcardBioManager} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACNL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBSmartcardBioManagerContainer} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACOE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBSmartcardIDStore} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACOK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBSmartcardIDStoreContainer} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACOS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PBVerificationController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACOY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <PBVerificationDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PharmacyPatientViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PharmacyPatientViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PharmacyPrescriptionCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PharmacyPrescriptionViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACQX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PharmacyPrescriptionViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PharmacyViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PharmacyViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PrescribePatientViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PrescribePatientViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Prescription} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PrescriptionObject} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACRZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <PrescriptionObjectProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PreviousVisitsTableCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PreviousVisitsTableCell()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PreviousVisitsViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PreviousVisitsViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b PreviousVisitTableCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Queue} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b QueueManager} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b QueueTableCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACSY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Reachability} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACTF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Reachability(private)} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACTY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RegisterPatientTableCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACUA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RegisterPatientViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACUC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RegisterPatientViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACUW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RegisterPatientViewControllerTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACUX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RNBlurModalView} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACUY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RNBlurModalView()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACVJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RNBlurView} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACVL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b RNCloseButton} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACVN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b SCARD_IO_REQUEST} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACVO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b SCARD_READERSTATE} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACVR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <SCOperationDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACVY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <ScreenNavigationDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACWB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b SearchPatientTableCell} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACWD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b SearchPatientViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACWF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b SearchPatientViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACWT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Server} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACWU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Server()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACXU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Server(Private)} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACYI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ServerCore} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACYU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ServerCore(Private)} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACZE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <ServerDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACZG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <ServerProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACZO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b ServerWrapper} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAACZX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b StationNavigationController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADAJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b StationNavigationController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADAL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b StationViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADAM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b StationViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADAR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <StationViewHandlerProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADAS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b StatusObject} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADAU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <StatusObjectProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADBB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b TestFlight} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADBC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b TriagePatientViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADBK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b TriagePatientViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADBZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b TriageViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADCA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b TriageViewController()} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADCJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b TriageViewControllerTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADCK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UICamera} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADCL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <UICameraDelegate>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UIImage} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UIImage(Blur)} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UILabel} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UILabel(AutoSize)} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UIView} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UIView(Screenshot)} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UIView(Sizes)} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UIViewController} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b UserObject} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <UserObjectProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Users} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADDZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Visitation} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADEM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b VisitationObject} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADFG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b <VisitationObjectProtocol>} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAADFI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Module Documentation{\tc \v Module Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
context scope\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v context scope}
{\xe \v context scope}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAB}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_SCOPE_USER}\~ 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_SCOPE_TERMINAL}\~ 1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_SCOPE_SYSTEM}\~ 2\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SCARD_SCOPE_SYSTEM\:context scope}
{\xe \v context scope\:SCARD_SCOPE_SYSTEM}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_SCOPE_SYSTEM\~ 2}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The context is the system context, and any database operations are performed within the domain of the system. (The calling application must have appropriate access permissions for any database actions.) \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_SCOPE_TERMINAL\:context scope}
{\xe \v context scope\:SCARD_SCOPE_TERMINAL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_SCOPE_TERMINAL\~ 1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The context is that of the current terminal, and any database operations are performed within the domain of that terminal. (The calling application must have appropriate access permissions for any database actions.) \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_SCOPE_USER\:context scope}
{\xe \v context scope\:SCARD_SCOPE_USER}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_SCOPE_USER\~ 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid The context is a user context, and any database operations are performed \par
}
 within the domain of the user. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
card share\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v card share}
{\xe \v card share}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAF}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_SHARE_EXCLUSIVE}\~ 1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_SHARE_SHARED}\~ 2\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_SHARE_DIRECT}\~ 3\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SCARD_SHARE_DIRECT\:card share}
{\xe \v card share\:SCARD_SHARE_DIRECT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_SHARE_DIRECT\~ 3}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid This application demands direct control of the reader, so it is not \par
}
 available to other applications. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_SHARE_EXCLUSIVE\:card share}
{\xe \v card share\:SCARD_SHARE_EXCLUSIVE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_SHARE_EXCLUSIVE\~ 1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This application is not willing to share this card with other applications. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_SHARE_SHARED\:card share}
{\xe \v card share\:SCARD_SHARE_SHARED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_SHARE_SHARED\~ 2}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This application is willing to share this card with other applications. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
card disposition\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v card disposition}
{\xe \v card disposition}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAJ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_LEAVE_CARD}\~ 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_RESET_CARD}\~ 1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_UNPOWER_CARD}\~ 2\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_EJECT_CARD}\~ 3\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SCARD_EJECT_CARD\:card disposition}
{\xe \v card disposition\:SCARD_EJECT_CARD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_EJECT_CARD\~ 3}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Eject the card on close \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_LEAVE_CARD\:card disposition}
{\xe \v card disposition\:SCARD_LEAVE_CARD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_LEAVE_CARD\~ 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Don't do anything special on close \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_RESET_CARD\:card disposition}
{\xe \v card disposition\:SCARD_RESET_CARD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_RESET_CARD\~ 1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reset the card on close \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_UNPOWER_CARD\:card disposition}
{\xe \v card disposition\:SCARD_UNPOWER_CARD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_UNPOWER_CARD\~ 2}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Power down the card on close \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
smart card states\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v smart card states}
{\xe \v smart card states}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAO}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_UNKNOWN}\~ 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_ABSENT}\~ 1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_PRESENT}\~ 2\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_SWALLOWED}\~ 3\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_POWERED}\~ 4\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_NEGOTIABLE}\~ 5\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_SPECIFIC}\~ 6\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SCARD_ABSENT\:smart card states}
{\xe \v smart card states\:SCARD_ABSENT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_ABSENT\~ 1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This value implies there is no card in the reader. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_NEGOTIABLE\:smart card states}
{\xe \v smart card states\:SCARD_NEGOTIABLE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_NEGOTIABLE\~ 5}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This value implies the card has been reset and is awaiting PTS negotiation. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_POWERED\:smart card states}
{\xe \v smart card states\:SCARD_POWERED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_POWERED\~ 4}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid This value implies there is power is being provided to the card, but the \par
}
 Reader Driver is unaware of the mode of the card. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_PRESENT\:smart card states}
{\xe \v smart card states\:SCARD_PRESENT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_PRESENT\~ 2}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This value implies there is a card is present in the reader, but that it has not been moved into position for use. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_SPECIFIC\:smart card states}
{\xe \v smart card states\:SCARD_SPECIFIC}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_SPECIFIC\~ 6}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid This value implies the card has been reset and specific communication \par
}
 protocols have been established. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_SWALLOWED\:smart card states}
{\xe \v smart card states\:SCARD_SWALLOWED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_SWALLOWED\~ 3}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid This value implies there is a card in the reader in position for use. The \par
}
 card is not powered. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_UNKNOWN\:smart card states}
{\xe \v smart card states\:SCARD_UNKNOWN}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_UNKNOWN\~ 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This value implies the driver is unaware of the current state of the reader. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
reader states\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v reader states}
{\xe \v reader states}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAW}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_STATE_UNAWARE}\~ 0x00000000\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_STATE_IGNORE}\~ 0x00000001\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_STATE_CHANGED}\~ 0x00000002\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_STATE_UNKNOWN}\~ 0x00000004\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_STATE_UNAVAILABLE}\~ 0x00000008\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_STATE_EMPTY}\~ 0x00000010\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_STATE_PRESENT}\~ 0x00000020\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_STATE_ATRMATCH}\~ 0x00000040\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_STATE_EXCLUSIVE}\~ 0x00000080\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_STATE_INUSE}\~ 0x00000100\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_STATE_MUTE}\~ 0x00000200\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_STATE_UNPOWERED}\~ 0x00000400\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SCARD_STATE_ATRMATCH\:reader states}
{\xe \v reader states\:SCARD_STATE_ATRMATCH}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_STATE_ATRMATCH\~ 0x00000040}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid This implies that there is a card in the reader with an ATR matching one of \par
}
 the target cards. if this bit is set, SCARD_STATE_PRESENT will also be set. This bit is only returned on the SCardLocateCard() service. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_STATE_CHANGED\:reader states}
{\xe \v reader states\:SCARD_STATE_CHANGED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_STATE_CHANGED\~ 0x00000002}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid This implies that there is a difference between the state believed by the \par
}
 application, and the state known by the Service Manager. When this bit is set, the application may assume a significant state change has occurred on this reader. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_STATE_EMPTY\:reader states}
{\xe \v reader states\:SCARD_STATE_EMPTY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_STATE_EMPTY\~ 0x00000010}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid This implies that there is not card in the reader.  If this bit is set, all \par
}
 the following bits will be clear. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_STATE_EXCLUSIVE\:reader states}
{\xe \v reader states\:SCARD_STATE_EXCLUSIVE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_STATE_EXCLUSIVE\~ 0x00000080}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid This implies that the card in the reader is allocated for exclusive use by \par
}
 another application. If this bit is set, SCARD_STATE_PRESENT will also be set. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_STATE_IGNORE\:reader states}
{\xe \v reader states\:SCARD_STATE_IGNORE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_STATE_IGNORE\~ 0x00000001}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid The application requested that this reader be ignored.  No other bits will \par
}
 be set. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_STATE_INUSE\:reader states}
{\xe \v reader states\:SCARD_STATE_INUSE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_STATE_INUSE\~ 0x00000100}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid This implies that the card in the reader is in use by one or more other \par
}
 applications, but may be connected to in shared mode. If this bit is set, SCARD_STATE_PRESENT will also be set. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_STATE_MUTE\:reader states}
{\xe \v reader states\:SCARD_STATE_MUTE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_STATE_MUTE\~ 0x00000200}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This implies that the card in the reader is unresponsive or not supported by the reader or software. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_STATE_PRESENT\:reader states}
{\xe \v reader states\:SCARD_STATE_PRESENT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_STATE_PRESENT\~ 0x00000020}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This implies that there is a card in the reader. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_STATE_UNAVAILABLE\:reader states}
{\xe \v reader states\:SCARD_STATE_UNAVAILABLE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_STATE_UNAVAILABLE\~ 0x00000008}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid This implies that the actual state of this reader is not available.  If \par
}
 this bit is set, then all the following bits are clear. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_STATE_UNAWARE\:reader states}
{\xe \v reader states\:SCARD_STATE_UNAWARE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_STATE_UNAWARE\~ 0x00000000}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid The application is unaware of the current state, and would like to know.  \par
}
 The use of this value results in an immediate return from state transition monitoring services. This is represented by all bits set to zero. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_STATE_UNKNOWN\:reader states}
{\xe \v reader states\:SCARD_STATE_UNKNOWN}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_STATE_UNKNOWN\~ 0x00000004}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid This implies that the given reader name is not recognized by the Service \par
}
 Manager. If this bit is set, then SCARD_STATE_CHANGED and SCARD_STATE_IGNORE will also be set. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_STATE_UNPOWERED\:reader states}
{\xe \v reader states\:SCARD_STATE_UNPOWERED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_STATE_UNPOWERED\~ 0x00000400}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This implies that the card in the reader has not been powered up. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
error codes\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v error codes}
{\xe \v error codes}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABJ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_S_SUCCESS}\~ ((DWORD)0x00000000L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_F_INTERNAL_ERROR}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100001L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_CANCELLED}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100002L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_INVALID_HANDLE}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100003L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_INVALID_PARAMETER}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100004L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_INVALID_TARGET}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100005L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_NO_MEMORY}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100006L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_F_WAITED_TOO_LONG}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100007L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_INSUFFICIENT_BUFFER}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100008L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_UNKNOWN_READER}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100009L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_TIMEOUT}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010000AL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_SHARING_VIOLATION}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010000BL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_NO_SMARTCARD}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010000CL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_UNKNOWN_CARD}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010000DL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_CANT_DISPOSE}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010000EL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_PROTO_MISMATCH}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010000FL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_NOT_READY}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100010L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_INVALID_VALUE}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100011L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_SYSTEM_CANCELLED}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100012L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_F_COMM_ERROR}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100013L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_F_UNKNOWN_ERROR}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100014L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_INVALID_ATR}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100015L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_NOT_TRANSACTED}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100016L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_READER_UNAVAILABLE}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100017L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_P_SHUTDOWN}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100018L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_PCI_TOO_SMALL}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100019L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_READER_UNSUPPORTED}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010001AL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_DUPLICATE_READER}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010001BL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_CARD_UNSUPPORTED}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010001CL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_NO_SERVICE}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010001DL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_SERVICE_STOPPED}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010001EL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_UNEXPECTED}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010001FL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_ICC_INSTALLATION}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100020L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_ICC_CREATEORDER}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100021L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_UNSUPPORTED_FEATURE}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100022L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_DIR_NOT_FOUND}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100023L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_FILE_NOT_FOUND}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100024L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_NO_DIR}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100025L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_NO_FILE}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100026L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_NO_ACCESS}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100027L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_WRITE_TOO_MANY}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100028L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_BAD_SEEK}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100029L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_INVALID_CHV}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010002AL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_UNKNOWN_RES_MNG}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010002BL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_NO_SUCH_CERTIFICATE}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010002CL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_CERTIFICATE_UNAVAILABLE}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010002DL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_NO_READERS_AVAILABLE}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010002EL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_COMM_DATA_LOST}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010002FL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_NO_KEY_CONTAINER}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100030L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_SERVER_TOO_BUSY}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100031L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_PIN_CACHE_EXPIRED}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100032L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_NO_PIN_CACHE}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100033L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_E_READ_ONLY_CARD}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100034L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_UNSUPPORTED_CARD}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100065L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_UNRESPONSIVE_CARD}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100066L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_UNPOWERED_CARD}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100067L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_RESET_CARD}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100068L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_REMOVED_CARD}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100069L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_SECURITY_VIOLATION}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010006AL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_WRONG_CHV}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010006BL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_CHV_BLOCKED}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010006CL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_EOF}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010006DL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_CANCELLED_BY_USER}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010006EL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_CARD_NOT_AUTHENTICATED}\~ ((DWORD)0x8010006FL)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_CACHE_ITEM_NOT_FOUND}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100070L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_CACHE_ITEM_STALE}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100071L)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_W_CACHE_ITEM_TOO_BIG}\~ ((DWORD)0x80100072L)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SCARD_E_BAD_SEEK\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_BAD_SEEK}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_BAD_SEEK\~ ((DWORD)0x80100029L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
There was an error trying to set the smart card file object pointer. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_CANCELLED\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_CANCELLED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_CANCELLED\~ ((DWORD)0x80100002L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The action was cancelled by an {\b SCardCancel()} request. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_CANT_DISPOSE\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_CANT_DISPOSE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_CANT_DISPOSE\~ ((DWORD)0x8010000EL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The system could not dispose of the media in the requested manner. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_CARD_UNSUPPORTED\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_CARD_UNSUPPORTED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_CARD_UNSUPPORTED\~ ((DWORD)0x8010001CL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The smart card does not meet minimal requirements for support. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_CERTIFICATE_UNAVAILABLE\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_CERTIFICATE_UNAVAILABLE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_CERTIFICATE_UNAVAILABLE\~ ((DWORD)0x8010002DL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The requested certificate could not be obtained. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_COMM_DATA_LOST\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_COMM_DATA_LOST}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_COMM_DATA_LOST\~ ((DWORD)0x8010002FL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid A communications error with the smart card has been detected.  Retry the \par
}
 operation. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_DIR_NOT_FOUND\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_DIR_NOT_FOUND}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_DIR_NOT_FOUND\~ ((DWORD)0x80100023L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The identified directory does not exist in the smart card. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_DUPLICATE_READER\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_DUPLICATE_READER}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_DUPLICATE_READER\~ ((DWORD)0x8010001BL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The reader driver did not produce a unique reader name. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_FILE_NOT_FOUND\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_FILE_NOT_FOUND}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_FILE_NOT_FOUND\~ ((DWORD)0x80100024L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The identified file does not exist in the smart card. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_ICC_CREATEORDER\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_ICC_CREATEORDER}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_ICC_CREATEORDER\~ ((DWORD)0x80100021L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The requested order of object creation is not supported. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_ICC_INSTALLATION\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_ICC_INSTALLATION}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_ICC_INSTALLATION\~ ((DWORD)0x80100020L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
No Primary Provider can be found for the smart card. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_INSUFFICIENT_BUFFER\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_INSUFFICIENT_BUFFER}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_INSUFFICIENT_BUFFER\~ ((DWORD)0x80100008L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The data buffer to receive returned data is too small for the returned data. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_INVALID_ATR\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_INVALID_ATR}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_INVALID_ATR\~ ((DWORD)0x80100015L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An ATR obtained from the registry is not a valid ATR string. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_INVALID_CHV\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_INVALID_CHV}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_INVALID_CHV\~ ((DWORD)0x8010002AL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The supplied PIN is incorrect. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_INVALID_HANDLE\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_INVALID_HANDLE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_INVALID_HANDLE\~ ((DWORD)0x80100003L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The supplied handle was invalid. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_INVALID_PARAMETER\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_INVALID_PARAMETER}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_INVALID_PARAMETER\~ ((DWORD)0x80100004L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
One or more of the supplied parameters could not be properly interpreted. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_INVALID_TARGET\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_INVALID_TARGET}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_INVALID_TARGET\~ ((DWORD)0x80100005L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The necessary protocols are not listed in the plist file. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_INVALID_VALUE\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_INVALID_VALUE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_INVALID_VALUE\~ ((DWORD)0x80100011L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid One or more of the supplied parameters values could not be properly \par
}
 interpreted. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_NO_ACCESS\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_NO_ACCESS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_NO_ACCESS\~ ((DWORD)0x80100027L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Access is denied to this file. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_NO_DIR\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_NO_DIR}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_NO_DIR\~ ((DWORD)0x80100025L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The supplied path does not represent a smart card directory. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_NO_FILE\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_NO_FILE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_NO_FILE\~ ((DWORD)0x80100026L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The supplied path does not represent a smart card file. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_NO_KEY_CONTAINER\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_NO_KEY_CONTAINER}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_NO_KEY_CONTAINER\~ ((DWORD)0x80100030L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The requested key container does not exist on the smart card. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_NO_MEMORY\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_NO_MEMORY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_NO_MEMORY\~ ((DWORD)0x80100006L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Not enough memory available to complete this command. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_NO_PIN_CACHE\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_NO_PIN_CACHE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_NO_PIN_CACHE\~ ((DWORD)0x80100033L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The smart card PIN cannot be cached. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_NO_READERS_AVAILABLE\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_NO_READERS_AVAILABLE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_NO_READERS_AVAILABLE\~ ((DWORD)0x8010002EL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Cannot find a smart card reader. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_NO_SERVICE\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_NO_SERVICE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_NO_SERVICE\~ ((DWORD)0x8010001DL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The Smart card resource manager is not running. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_NO_SMARTCARD\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_NO_SMARTCARD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_NO_SMARTCARD\~ ((DWORD)0x8010000CL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid The operation requires a Smart Card, but no Smart Card is currently in the \par
}
 device. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_NO_SUCH_CERTIFICATE\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_NO_SUCH_CERTIFICATE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_NO_SUCH_CERTIFICATE\~ ((DWORD)0x8010002CL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The requested certificate does not exist. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_NOT_READY\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_NOT_READY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_NOT_READY\~ ((DWORD)0x80100010L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The reader or smart card is not ready to accept commands. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_NOT_TRANSACTED\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_NOT_TRANSACTED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_NOT_TRANSACTED\~ ((DWORD)0x80100016L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An attempt was made to end a non-existent transaction. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_PCI_TOO_SMALL\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_PCI_TOO_SMALL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_PCI_TOO_SMALL\~ ((DWORD)0x80100019L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The PCI Receive buffer was too small. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_PIN_CACHE_EXPIRED\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_PIN_CACHE_EXPIRED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_PIN_CACHE_EXPIRED\~ ((DWORD)0x80100032L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The smart card PIN cache has expired. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_PROTO_MISMATCH\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_PROTO_MISMATCH}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_PROTO_MISMATCH\~ ((DWORD)0x8010000FL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The requested protocols are incompatible with the protocol currently in use with the smart card. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_READ_ONLY_CARD\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_READ_ONLY_CARD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_READ_ONLY_CARD\~ ((DWORD)0x80100034L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The smart card is read only and cannot be written to. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_READER_UNAVAILABLE\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_READER_UNAVAILABLE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_READER_UNAVAILABLE\~ ((DWORD)0x80100017L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The specified reader is not currently available for use. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_READER_UNSUPPORTED\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_READER_UNSUPPORTED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_READER_UNSUPPORTED\~ ((DWORD)0x8010001AL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The reader driver does not meet minimal requirements for support. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_SERVER_TOO_BUSY\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_SERVER_TOO_BUSY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_SERVER_TOO_BUSY\~ ((DWORD)0x80100031L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The Smart card resource manager is too busy to complete this operation. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_SERVICE_STOPPED\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_SERVICE_STOPPED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_SERVICE_STOPPED\~ ((DWORD)0x8010001EL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The Smart card resource manager has shut down. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_SHARING_VIOLATION\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_SHARING_VIOLATION}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_SHARING_VIOLATION\~ ((DWORD)0x8010000BL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The smart card cannot be accessed because of other connections outstanding. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_SYSTEM_CANCELLED\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_SYSTEM_CANCELLED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_SYSTEM_CANCELLED\~ ((DWORD)0x80100012L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The action was cancelled by the system, presumably to log off or shut down. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_TIMEOUT\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_TIMEOUT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_TIMEOUT\~ ((DWORD)0x8010000AL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The user-specified timeout value has expired. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_UNEXPECTED\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_UNEXPECTED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_UNEXPECTED\~ ((DWORD)0x8010001FL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An unexpected card error has occurred. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_UNKNOWN_CARD\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_UNKNOWN_CARD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_UNKNOWN_CARD\~ ((DWORD)0x8010000DL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The specified smart card name is not recognized. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_UNKNOWN_READER\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_UNKNOWN_READER}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_UNKNOWN_READER\~ ((DWORD)0x80100009L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The specified reader name is not recognized. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_UNKNOWN_RES_MNG\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_UNKNOWN_RES_MNG}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_UNKNOWN_RES_MNG\~ ((DWORD)0x8010002BL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An unrecognized error code was returned from a layered component. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_UNSUPPORTED_FEATURE\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_UNSUPPORTED_FEATURE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_UNSUPPORTED_FEATURE\~ ((DWORD)0x80100022L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This smart card does not support the requested feature. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_E_WRITE_TOO_MANY\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_E_WRITE_TOO_MANY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_E_WRITE_TOO_MANY\~ ((DWORD)0x80100028L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The smartcard does not have enough memory to store the information. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_F_COMM_ERROR\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_F_COMM_ERROR}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_F_COMM_ERROR\~ ((DWORD)0x80100013L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An internal communications error has been detected. This error is returned when iOS has forcedly terminated the underlying EASession session. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_F_INTERNAL_ERROR\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_F_INTERNAL_ERROR}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_F_INTERNAL_ERROR\~ ((DWORD)0x80100001L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An internal consistency check failed. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_F_UNKNOWN_ERROR\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_F_UNKNOWN_ERROR}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_F_UNKNOWN_ERROR\~ ((DWORD)0x80100014L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An internal error has been detected, but the source is unknown. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_F_WAITED_TOO_LONG\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_F_WAITED_TOO_LONG}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_F_WAITED_TOO_LONG\~ ((DWORD)0x80100007L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An internal consistency timer has expired. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_P_SHUTDOWN\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_P_SHUTDOWN}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_P_SHUTDOWN\~ ((DWORD)0x80100018L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The operation has been aborted to allow the server application to exit. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_S_SUCCESS\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_S_SUCCESS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_S_SUCCESS\~ ((DWORD)0x00000000L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
No error \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_CACHE_ITEM_NOT_FOUND\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_CACHE_ITEM_NOT_FOUND}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_CACHE_ITEM_NOT_FOUND\~ ((DWORD)0x80100070L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The requested item could not be found in the cache. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_CACHE_ITEM_STALE\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_CACHE_ITEM_STALE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_CACHE_ITEM_STALE\~ ((DWORD)0x80100071L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The requested cache item is too old and was deleted from the cache. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_CACHE_ITEM_TOO_BIG\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_CACHE_ITEM_TOO_BIG}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_CACHE_ITEM_TOO_BIG\~ ((DWORD)0x80100072L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The new cache item exceeds the maximum per-item size defined for the cache. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_CANCELLED_BY_USER\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_CANCELLED_BY_USER}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_CANCELLED_BY_USER\~ ((DWORD)0x8010006EL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The action was cancelled by the user. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_CARD_NOT_AUTHENTICATED\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_CARD_NOT_AUTHENTICATED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_CARD_NOT_AUTHENTICATED\~ ((DWORD)0x8010006FL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
No PIN was presented to the smart card. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_CHV_BLOCKED\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_CHV_BLOCKED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_CHV_BLOCKED\~ ((DWORD)0x8010006CL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The card cannot be accessed because the maximum number of PIN entry attempts has been reached. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_EOF\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_EOF}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_EOF\~ ((DWORD)0x8010006DL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The end of the smart card file has been reached. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_REMOVED_CARD\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_REMOVED_CARD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_REMOVED_CARD\~ ((DWORD)0x80100069L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid The smart card has been removed, so that further communication is not \par
}
 possible. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_RESET_CARD\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_RESET_CARD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_RESET_CARD\~ ((DWORD)0x80100068L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The smart card has been reset, so any shared state information is invalid. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_SECURITY_VIOLATION\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_SECURITY_VIOLATION}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_SECURITY_VIOLATION\~ ((DWORD)0x8010006AL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Access was denied because of a security violation. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_UNPOWERED_CARD\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_UNPOWERED_CARD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_UNPOWERED_CARD\~ ((DWORD)0x80100067L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Power has been removed from the smart card, so that further communication is not possible. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_UNRESPONSIVE_CARD\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_UNRESPONSIVE_CARD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_UNRESPONSIVE_CARD\~ ((DWORD)0x80100066L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The smart card is not responding to a reset. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_UNSUPPORTED_CARD\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_UNSUPPORTED_CARD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_UNSUPPORTED_CARD\~ ((DWORD)0x80100065L)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The reader cannot communicate with the smart card, due to ATR configuration conflicts. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_W_WRONG_CHV\:error codes}
{\xe \v error codes\:SCARD_W_WRONG_CHV}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_W_WRONG_CHV\~ ((DWORD)0x8010006BL)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The card cannot be accessed because the wrong PIN was presented. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
card protocol\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v card protocol}
{\xe \v card protocol}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADZ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_PROTOCOL_UNDEFINED}\~ 0x00000000\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_PROTOCOL_T0}\~ 0x00000001\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_PROTOCOL_T1}\~ 0x00000002\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_PROTOCOL_RAW}\~ 0x00010000\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_PROTOCOL_Tx}\~ ({\b SCARD_PROTOCOL_T0} | {\b SCARD_PROTOCOL_T1})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_PROTOCOL_ANY}\~ {\b SCARD_PROTOCOL_Tx}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SCARD_PROTOCOL_ANY\:card protocol}
{\xe \v card protocol\:SCARD_PROTOCOL_ANY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_PROTOCOL_ANY\~ {\b SCARD_PROTOCOL_Tx}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Legacy mask for API compatibility \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_PROTOCOL_RAW\:card protocol}
{\xe \v card protocol\:SCARD_PROTOCOL_RAW}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_PROTOCOL_RAW\~ 0x00010000}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Raw is the active protocol. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_PROTOCOL_T0\:card protocol}
{\xe \v card protocol\:SCARD_PROTOCOL_T0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_PROTOCOL_T0\~ 0x00000001}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
T=0 is the active protocol. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_PROTOCOL_T1\:card protocol}
{\xe \v card protocol\:SCARD_PROTOCOL_T1}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_PROTOCOL_T1\~ 0x00000002}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAED}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAED}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
T=1 is the active protocol. \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_PROTOCOL_Tx\:card protocol}
{\xe \v card protocol\:SCARD_PROTOCOL_Tx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_PROTOCOL_Tx\~ ({\b SCARD_PROTOCOL_T0} | {\b SCARD_PROTOCOL_T1})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is the mask of ISO defined transmission protocols \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_PROTOCOL_UNDEFINED\:card protocol}
{\xe \v card protocol\:SCARD_PROTOCOL_UNDEFINED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_PROTOCOL_UNDEFINED\~ 0x00000000}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
There is no active protocol. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PCI structures\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PCI structures}
{\xe \v PCI structures}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEG}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macros\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_PCI_T0}\~ (&g_rgSCardT0Pci)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_PCI_T1}\~ (&g_rgSCardT1Pci)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
#define {\b SCARD_PCI_RAW}\~ (&g_rgSCardRawPci)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Macro Definition Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SCARD_PCI_RAW\:PCI structures}
{\xe \v PCI structures\:SCARD_PCI_RAW}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_PCI_RAW\~ (&g_rgSCardRawPci)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
protocol control information (PCI) for RAW protocol \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_PCI_T0\:PCI structures}
{\xe \v PCI structures\:SCARD_PCI_T0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_PCI_T0\~ (&g_rgSCardT0Pci)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
protocol control information (PCI) for T=0 \par
}}
{\xe \v SCARD_PCI_T1\:PCI structures}
{\xe \v PCI structures\:SCARD_PCI_T1}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
#define SCARD_PCI_T1\~ (&g_rgSCardT1Pci)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
protocol control information (PCI) for T=1 \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PCSC winscard.h smart card API\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEK}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardEstablishContext} (DWORD dwScope, LPCVOID pvReserved1, LPCVOID pvReserved2, LPSCARDCONTEXT phContext)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardReleaseContext} (SCARDCONTEXT hContext)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardConnect} (SCARDCONTEXT hContext, LPCSTR szReader, DWORD dwShareMode, DWORD dwPreferredProtocols, LPSCARDHANDLE phCard, LPDWORD pdwActiveProtocol)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardReconnect} (SCARDHANDLE hCard, DWORD dwShareMode, DWORD dwPreferredProtocols, DWORD dwInitialization, LPDWORD pdwActiveProtocol)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardDisconnect} (SCARDHANDLE hCard, DWORD dwDisposition)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardStatus} (SCARDHANDLE hCard, LPSTR mszReaderName, LPDWORD pcchReaderLen, LPDWORD pdwState, LPDWORD pdwProtocol, LPBYTE pbAtr, LPDWORD pcbAtrLen)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardGetStatusChange} (SCARDCONTEXT hContext, DWORD dwTimeout, {\b LPSCARD_READERSTATE} rgReaderStates, DWORD cReaders)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardTransmit} (SCARDHANDLE hCard, const {\b SCARD_IO_REQUEST} *pioSendPci, LPCBYTE pbSendBuffer, DWORD cbSendLength, {\b SCARD_IO_REQUEST} *pioRecvPci, LPBYTE pbRecvBuffer, LPDWORD pcbRecvLength)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardListReaders} (SCARDCONTEXT hContext, LPCSTR mszGroups, LPSTR mszReaders, LPDWORD pcchReaders)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardFreeMemory} (SCARDCONTEXT hContext, LPCVOID pvMem)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardCancel} (SCARDCONTEXT hContext)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardIsValidContext} (SCARDCONTEXT hContext)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardSetAttrib} (SCARDHANDLE hCard, DWORD dwAttrId, LPCBYTE pbAttr, DWORD cbAttrLen)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardGetAttrib} (SCARDHANDLE hCard, DWORD dwAttrId, LPBYTE pbAttr, LPDWORD pcbAttrLen)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardListReaderGroups} (SCARDCONTEXT hContext, LPSTR mszGroups, LPDWORD pcchGroups)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardControl} (SCARDHANDLE hCard, DWORD dwControlCode, LPCVOID pbSendBuffer, DWORD cbSendLength, LPVOID pbRecvBuffer, DWORD cbRecvLength, LPDWORD lpBytesReturned)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardBeginTransaction} (SCARDHANDLE hCard)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
LONG {\b SCardEndTransaction} (SCARDHANDLE hCard, DWORD dwDisposition)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SCardBeginTransaction\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardBeginTransaction}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardBeginTransaction (SCARDHANDLE {\i hCard})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function is not implemented for iOS. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Always returns ENOSYS \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardCancel\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardCancel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardCancel (SCARDCONTEXT {\i hContext})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Cancels an ongoing {\b SCardGetStatusChange()} operation. Note that this function will cancel operations for all open contexts, not only operations within the hContext parameter context. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i hContext} \cell }{Context parameter received from a previous call to {\b SCardEstablishContext()}. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid SCARD_S_SUCCESS if successful. Otherwise an error code is returned. See {\b error codes} for valid return values \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardConnect\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardConnect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardConnect (SCARDCONTEXT {\i hContext}, LPCSTR {\i szReader}, DWORD {\i dwShareMode}, DWORD {\i dwPreferredProtocols}, LPSCARDHANDLE {\i phCard}, LPDWORD {\i pdwActiveProtocol})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Establishes a connection between the calling application and a smart card contained by a specific reader. If no card exists in the specified reader, an error is returned. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i hContext} \cell }{Context parameter received from a previous call to {\b SCardEstablishContext()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i szReader} \cell }{The name of the reader that contains the target card \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i dwShareMode} \cell }{A flag that indicates whether other applications may form connections to the card. At the moment only {\b SCARD_SHARE_EXCLUSIVE()} is a valid value. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i dwPreferredProtocols} \cell }{A bitmask of acceptable protocols for the connection. See {\b card protocol} for valid values. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i phCard} \cell }{A handle that identifies the connection to the smart card in the designated reader. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i pdwActiveProtocol} \cell }{Flag that indicates the established active protocol. See {\b card protocol} for valid values. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid SCARD_S_SUCCESS if successful. Otherwise an error code is returned. See {\b error codes} for valid return values \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardControl\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardControl}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardControl (SCARDHANDLE {\i hCard}, DWORD {\i dwControlCode}, LPCVOID {\i pbSendBuffer}, DWORD {\i cbSendLength}, LPVOID {\i pbRecvBuffer}, DWORD {\i cbRecvLength}, LPDWORD {\i lpBytesReturned})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function is not implemented for iOS. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Always returns ENOSYS \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardDisconnect\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardDisconnect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardDisconnect (SCARDHANDLE {\i hCard}, DWORD {\i dwDisposition})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Terminates a connection previously opened between the calling application and a smart card in the target reader. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i hCard} \cell }{Reference value obtained from a previous call to {\b SCardConnect()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i dwDisposition} \cell }{Action to take on the card in the connected reader on close. See {\b card disposition} for valid values. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid SCARD_S_SUCCESS if successful. Otherwise an error code is returned. See {\b error codes} for valid return values \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardEndTransaction\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardEndTransaction}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardEndTransaction (SCARDHANDLE {\i hCard}, DWORD {\i dwDisposition})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function is not implemented for iOS. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Always returns ENOSYS \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardEstablishContext\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardEstablishContext}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardEstablishContext (DWORD {\i dwScope}, LPCVOID {\i pvReserved1}, LPCVOID {\i pvReserved2}, LPSCARDCONTEXT {\i phContext})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAER}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAER}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initializes the ExternalAccessory framework enabling communications with the Precise Biometrics iOS smart card reader. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i dwScope} \cell }{Scope of the resource manager context. Only SCARD_SCOPE_USER and SCARD_SCOPE_SYSTEM are valid values. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i pvReserved1} \cell }{Reserved for future use and must be NULL. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i pvReserved2} \cell }{Reserved for future use and must be NULL. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i phContext} \cell }{A handle to the established resource manager context. This handle can now be supplied to other functions attempting to do work within this context. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid SCARD_S_SUCCESS if successful. Otherwise an error code is returned. See {\b error codes} for valid return values \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardFreeMemory\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardFreeMemory}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardFreeMemory (SCARDCONTEXT {\i hContext}, LPCVOID {\i pvMem})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAES}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAES}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Releases memory that has been returned from the resource manager using the SCARD_AUTOALLOCATE length designator. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i hContext} \cell }{Context parameter received from a previous call to {\b SCardEstablishContext()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i pvMem} \cell }{Memory block to be released. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid SCARD_S_SUCCESS if successful. Otherwise an error code is returned. See {\b error codes} for valid return values \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardGetAttrib\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardGetAttrib}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardGetAttrib (SCARDHANDLE {\i hCard}, DWORD {\i dwAttrId}, LPBYTE {\i pbAttr}, LPDWORD {\i pcbAttrLen})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAET}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAET}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieves a reader/context attribute. Supported attributes are: SCARD_ATTR_AUTO_BACKGROUND_HANDLING - can be used to the retrieve the current state of the automatic background handling. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i hCard} \cell }{Reference value obtained from a previous call to {\b SCardConnect()}. Ignored when used together with SCARD_ATTR_AUTO_BACKGROUND_HANDLING. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i dwAttrId} \cell }{Specifies the identifier for the attribute to get. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i pbAttr} \cell }{Pointer to a buffer that receives the attribute whose ID is supplied in dwAttrId. If this value is NULL, SCardGetAttrib ignores the buffer length supplied in pcbAttrLen, writes the length of the buffer that would have been returned if this parameter had not been NULL to pcbAttrLen, and returns a success code. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i pcbAttrLen} \cell }{Length of the pbAttr buffer in bytes, and receives the actual length of the received attribute If the buffer length is specified as SCARD_AUTOALLOCATE, then pbAttr is converted to a pointer to a byte pointer, and receives the address of a block of memory containing the attribute. This block of memory must be deallocated with SCardFreeMemory. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid SCARD_S_SUCCESS if successful. Otherwise an error code is returned. See {\b error codes} for valid return values \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardGetStatusChange\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardGetStatusChange}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardGetStatusChange (SCARDCONTEXT {\i hContext}, DWORD {\i dwTimeout}, {\b LPSCARD_READERSTATE} {\i rgReaderStates}, DWORD {\i cReaders})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Blocks execution until the current availability of the cards in a specific set of readers changes. The caller supplies a list of readers to be monitored by an {\b SCARD_READERSTATE} array and the maximum amount of time (in milliseconds) that it is willing to wait for an action to occur on one of the listed readers. Note that {\b SCardGetStatusChange()} uses the user-supplied value in the dwCurrentState members of the rgReaderStates {\b SCARD_READERSTATE} array as the definition of the current state of the readers. The function returns when there is a change in availability, having filled in the dwEventState members of rgReaderStates appropriately. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i hContext} \cell }{Context parameter received from a previous call to {\b SCardEstablishContext()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i dwTimeout} \cell }{The maximum amount of time, in milliseconds, to wait for an action. A value of zero causes the function to return immediately. A value of INFINITE causes this function never to time out. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i rgReaderStates} \cell }{An array of {\b SCARD_READERSTATE} structures that specify the readers to watch, and that receives the result. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{\cell }{{\i cReaders} \cell }{The number of elements in the rgReaderStates array. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid SCARD_S_SUCCESS if successful. Otherwise an error code is returned. See {\b error codes} for valid return values \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardIsValidContext\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardIsValidContext}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardIsValidContext (SCARDCONTEXT {\i hContext})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Determines whether a context handle is valid. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i hContext} \cell }{Context parameter received from a previous call to {\b SCardEstablishContext()}. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid SCARD_S_SUCCESS if the context is valid. \par
SCARD_E_INVALID_HANDLE if the context is invalid. \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardListReaderGroups\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardListReaderGroups}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardListReaderGroups (SCARDCONTEXT {\i hContext}, LPSTR {\i mszGroups}, LPDWORD {\i pcchGroups})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This function is not implemented for iOS. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Always returns ENOSYS \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardListReaders\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardListReaders}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardListReaders (SCARDCONTEXT {\i hContext}, LPCSTR {\i mszGroups}, LPSTR {\i mszReaders}, LPDWORD {\i pcchReaders})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Provides a list of currently available smart card readers. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i hContext} \cell }{Context parameter received from a previous call to {\b SCardEstablishContext()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i mszGroups} \cell }{Use a NULL value to list all readers in the system. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i mszReaders} \cell }{Multi-string that lists the card readers currently connected and available to the system. If this value is NULL, SCardListReaders ignores the buffer length supplied in pcchReaders, writes the length of the buffer that would have been returned if this parameter had not been NULL to pcchReaders, and returns a success code. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i pcchReaders} \cell }{Length of the mszReaders buffer in characters. This parameter receives the actual length of the multi-string structure, including all trailing null characters. If the buffer length is specified as SCARD_AUTOALLOCATE, then mszReaders is converted to a pointer to a byte pointer, and receives the address of a block of memory containing the multi-string structure. This block of memory must be deallocated with {\b SCardFreeMemory()}. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Returns SCARD_S_SUCCESS if at least one reader is connected and available to the system. Returns SCARD_E_NO_READERS_AVAILABLE if no reader can be found. Otherwise an error code is returned. See {\b error codes} for valid return values \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardReconnect\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardReconnect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardReconnect (SCARDHANDLE {\i hCard}, DWORD {\i dwShareMode}, DWORD {\i dwPreferredProtocols}, DWORD {\i dwInitialization}, LPDWORD {\i pdwActiveProtocol})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
reestablishes an existing connection between the calling application and a smart card. This function moves a card handle from direct access to general access, or acknowledges and clears an error condition that is preventing further access to the card. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i hCard} \cell }{Reference value obtained from a previous call to {\b SCardConnect()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i dwShareMode} \cell }{A flag that indicates whether other applications may form connections to the card. At the moment only SCARD_SHARE_EXCLUSIVE is a valid value. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i dwPreferredProtocols} \cell }{A bitmask of acceptable protocols for the connection. See {\b card protocol} for valid values. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i dwInitialization} \cell }{Type of initialization that should be performed on the card. See {\b card disposition} for valid values. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i pdwActiveProtocol} \cell }{Flag that indicates the established active protocol. See {\b card protocol} for valid values. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid SCARD_S_SUCCESS if successful. Otherwise an error code is returned. See {\b error codes} for valid return values \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardReleaseContext\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardReleaseContext}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardReleaseContext (SCARDCONTEXT {\i hContext})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Releases the session to the accessory and the ExternalAccessory framework when the last context is released. Any smart card present in the reader will be powered off automatically. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i hContext} \cell }{Context parameter received from a previous call to {\b SCardEstablishContext()}. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid SCARD_S_SUCCESS if successful. Otherwise an error code is returned. See {\b error codes} for valid return values \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardSetAttrib\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardSetAttrib}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardSetAttrib (SCARDHANDLE {\i hCard}, DWORD {\i dwAttrId}, LPCBYTE {\i pbAttr}, DWORD {\i cbAttrLen})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets a reader/context attribute. Supported attributes are: SCARD_ATTR_AUTO_BACKGROUND_HANDLING. See the doucment "Precise iOS Toolkit User Manual" in the toolkit for further information. The behaviour of the smart card library if this functionality is disabled and the application does not handle all relevant iOS events is undefined. This feature is global. Changing the value will affect all open contexts and sessions. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i hCard} \cell }{Reference value obtained from a previous call to {\b SCardConnect()}. Ignored when used together with SCARD_ATTR_AUTO_BACKGROUND_HANDLING. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i dwAttrId} \cell }{Specifies the identifier for the attribute to set. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i pbAttr} \cell }{Pointer to a buffer that supplies the attribute whose identifier is supplied in dwAttrId. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i cbAttrLen} \cell }{Count of bytes that represent the length of the attribute value in the pbAttr buffer. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid SCARD_S_SUCCESS if successful. Otherwise an error code is returned. See {\b error codes} for valid return values \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardStatus\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardStatus}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardStatus (SCARDHANDLE {\i hCard}, LPSTR {\i mszReaderName}, LPDWORD {\i pcchReaderLen}, LPDWORD {\i pdwState}, LPDWORD {\i pdwProtocol}, LPBYTE {\i pbAtr}, LPDWORD {\i pcbAtrLen})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
provides the current status of a smart card in a reader. You can call it any time after a successful call to {\b SCardConnect()} and before a successful call to {\b SCardDisconnect()}. It does not affect the state of the reader or reader driver. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i hCard} \cell }{Reference value returned from {\b SCardConnect()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i mszReaderName} \cell }{List of display names (multiple string) by which the currently connected reader is known. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i pcchReaderLen} \cell }{On input, supplies the length of the szReaderName buffer. On output, receives the actual length (in characters) of the reader name list, including the trailing NULL character. If this buffer length is specified as SCARD_AUTOALLOCATE, then szReaderName is converted to a pointer to a byte pointer, and it receives the address of a block of memory that contains the multiple-string structure. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i pdwState} \cell }{Current state of the smart card in the reader. Upon success, it receives one of the following state indicators. See {\b smart card states} for valid values. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i pdwProtocol} \cell }{Current protocol, if any. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i pbAtr} \cell }{Pointer to a 32-byte buffer that receives the ATR string from the currently inserted card, if available. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i pcbAtrLen} \cell }{On input, supplies the length of the pbAtr buffer. On output, receives the number of bytes in the ATR string (32 bytes maximum). If this buffer length is specified as SCARD_AUTOALLOCATE, then pbAtr is converted to a pointer to a byte pointer, and it receives the address of a block of memory that contains the multiple-string structure. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid SCARD_S_SUCCESS if successful. Otherwise an error code is returned. See {\b error codes} for valid return values \par
}}}
{\xe \v SCardTransmit\:PCSC winscard.h smart card API}
{\xe \v PCSC winscard.h smart card API\:SCardTransmit}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
LONG SCardTransmit (SCARDHANDLE {\i hCard}, const {\b SCARD_IO_REQUEST} * {\i pioSendPci}, LPCBYTE {\i pbSendBuffer}, DWORD {\i cbSendLength}, {\b SCARD_IO_REQUEST} * {\i pioRecvPci}, LPBYTE {\i pbRecvBuffer}, LPDWORD {\i pcbRecvLength})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The SCardTransmit function sends a service request to the smart card and expects to receive data back from the card. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i hCard} \cell }{Reference value returned from {\b SCardConnect()}. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i pioSendPci} \cell }{pointer to the protocol header structure for the instruction. This buffer is in the format of an {\b SCARD_IO_REQUEST} structure, followed by the specific protocol control information (PCI). For the T=0, T=1, and Raw protocols, the PCI structure is constant. The smart card subsystem supplies a global T=0, T=1, or Raw PCI structure, which you can reference by using the {\b PCI structures} respectively. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i pbSendBuffer} \cell }{A pointer to the actual data to be written to the card. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i cbSendLength} \cell }{The length, in bytes, of the pbSendBuffer parameter. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i pioRecvPci} \cell }{Pointer to the protocol header structure for the instruction, followed by a buffer in which to receive any returned protocol control information (PCI) specific to the protocol in use. This parameter can be NULL if no PCI is returned. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i pbRecvBuffer} \cell }{Pointer to any data returned from the card. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i pcbRecvLength} \cell }{Supplies the length, in bytes, of the pbRecvBuffer parameter and receives the actual number of bytes received from the smart card. This value cannot be SCARD_AUTOALLOCATE because {\b SCardTransmit()} does not support SCARD_AUTOALLOCATE. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid SCARD_S_SUCCESS if successful. Otherwise an error code is returned. See {\b error codes} for valid return values \par
}}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Class Documentation{\tc \v Class Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
AJNotificationView Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v AJNotificationView}
{\xe \v AJNotificationView}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFD}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIView}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b hide}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFE}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b AJNotificationView} *) + {\b showNoticeInView:title:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b AJNotificationView} *) + {\b showNoticeInView:title:hideAfter:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b AJNotificationView} *) + {\b showNoticeInView:type:title:hideAfter:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b AJNotificationView} *) + {\b showNoticeInView:type:title:linedBackground:hideAfter:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b AJNotificationView} *) + {\b showNoticeInView:type:title:linedBackground:hideAfter:offset:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b AJNotificationView} *) + {\b showNoticeInView:type:title:linedBackground:hideAfter:response:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b AJNotificationView} *) + {\b showNoticeInView:type:title:linedBackground:hideAfter:offset:delay:response:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFL}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
AJNotificationView.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
AJNotificationView.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
AJNotificationView() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v AJNotificationView()}
{\xe \v AJNotificationView()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFM}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b _drawBackgroundInRect:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFN}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UILabel} * {\b titleLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

AJNotificationType {\b notificationType}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

AJLinedBackgroundType {\b backgroundType}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSTimer * {\b animationTimer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b moveFactor}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b linedBackground}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

void(^ {\b responseBlock} )(void){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFU}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
AJNotificationView.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIAuthenticationDialog Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIAuthenticationDialog}
{\xe \v ASIAuthenticationDialog}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFV}
\par
{
Inherits {\b ASIAutorotatingViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b presentAuthenticationDialogForRequest:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b dismiss}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFX}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UITableView * {\b tableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFY}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b ASIHTTPRequest} * {\b request}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ASIAuthenticationType {\b type}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b didEnableRotationNotifications}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UIViewController} * {\b presentingController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGC}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIAuthenticationDialog.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIAuthenticationDialog.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIAuthenticationDialog() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIAuthenticationDialog()}
{\xe \v ASIAuthenticationDialog()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b showTitle}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b show}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSArray *) - {\b requestsRequiringTheseCredentials}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b presentNextDialog}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b keyboardWillShow:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b orientationChanged:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b cancelAuthenticationFromDialog:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b loginWithCredentialsFromDialog:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGL}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UITableView * {\b tableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGM}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIAuthenticationDialog.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIAutorotatingViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIAutorotatingViewController}
{\xe \v ASIAutorotatingViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGN}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
{
Inherited by {\b ASIAuthenticationDialog}.}\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIAuthenticationDialog.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<ASICacheDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <ASICacheDelegate>}
{\xe \v <ASICacheDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGO}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b ASIDownloadCache}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(ASICachePolicy) - {\b defaultCachePolicy}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSDate} *) - {\b expiryDateForRequest:maxAge:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b updateExpiryForRequest:maxAge:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b canUseCachedDataForRequest:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b removeCachedDataForRequest:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isCachedDataCurrentForRequest:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b storeResponseForRequest:maxAge:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b removeCachedDataForURL:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSDictionary *) - {\b cachedResponseHeadersForURL:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSData *) - {\b cachedResponseDataForURL:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b pathToCachedResponseDataForURL:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b pathToCachedResponseHeadersForURL:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b pathToStoreCachedResponseHeadersForRequest:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b pathToStoreCachedResponseDataForRequest:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b clearCachedResponsesForStoragePolicy:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHD}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASICacheDelegate.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIDataCompressor Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIDataCompressor}
{\xe \v ASIDataCompressor}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHE}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSData *) - {\b compressBytes:length:error:shouldFinish:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSError *) - {\b setupStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSError *) - {\b closeStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHH}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b compressor}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSData *) + {\b compressData:error:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) + {\b compressDataFromFile:toFile:error:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHK}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

z_stream {\b zStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHL}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b streamReady}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHM}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIDataCompressor.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIDataCompressor.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIDataCompressor() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIDataCompressor()}
{\xe \v ASIDataCompressor()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHN}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSError *) + {\b deflateErrorWithCode:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHO}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIDataCompressor.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIDataDecompressor Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIDataDecompressor}
{\xe \v ASIDataDecompressor}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHP}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSData *) - {\b uncompressBytes:length:error:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSError *) - {\b setupStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSError *) - {\b closeStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHS}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b decompressor}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSData *) + {\b uncompressData:error:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) + {\b uncompressDataFromFile:toFile:error:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHV}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

z_stream {\b zStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHW}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b streamReady}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHX}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIDataDecompressor.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIDataDecompressor.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIDataDecompressor() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIDataDecompressor()}
{\xe \v ASIDataDecompressor()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHY}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSError *) + {\b inflateErrorWithCode:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHZ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIDataDecompressor.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIDownloadCache Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIDownloadCache}
{\xe \v ASIDownloadCache}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIA}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}, and {\b <ASICacheDelegate>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b sharedCache}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) + {\b serverAllowsResponseCachingForRequest:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSArray *) + {\b fileExtensionsToHandleAsHTML}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAID}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAID}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ASICachePolicy {\b defaultCachePolicy}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b storagePath}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSRecursiveLock * {\b accessLock}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldRespectCacheControlHeaders}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIH}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIDownloadCache.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIDownloadCache.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIDownloadCache() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIDownloadCache()}
{\xe \v ASIDownloadCache()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAII}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAII}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b pathToFile:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIJ}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) + {\b keyForURL:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIK}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIDownloadCache.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIFormDataRequest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIFormDataRequest}
{\xe \v ASIFormDataRequest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIL}
\par
{
Inherits {\b ASIHTTPRequest}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b encodeURL:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addPostValue:forKey:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setPostValue:forKey:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addFile:forKey:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addFile:withFileName:andContentType:forKey:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setFile:forKey:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setFile:withFileName:andContentType:forKey:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addData:forKey:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addData:withFileName:andContentType:forKey:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setData:forKey:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setData:withFileName:andContentType:forKey:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIW}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableArray * {\b postData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableArray * {\b fileData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIY}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ASIPostFormat {\b postFormat}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSStringEncoding {\b stringEncoding}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJA}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIFormDataRequest.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIFormDataRequest.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIFormDataRequest() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIFormDataRequest()}
{\xe \v ASIFormDataRequest()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJB}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b buildMultipartFormDataPostBody}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b buildURLEncodedPostBody}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b appendPostString:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJE}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableArray * {\b postData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableArray * {\b fileData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJG}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIFormDataRequest.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIHTTPRequest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIHTTPRequest}
{\xe \v ASIHTTPRequest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJH}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b ASIFormDataRequest}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithURL:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addRequestHeader:value:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b applyCookieHeader}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b buildRequestHeaders}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b applyAuthorizationHeader}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b buildPostBody}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b appendPostData:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b appendPostDataFromFile:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b responseString}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSData *) - {\b responseData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isResponseCompressed}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b startSynchronous}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b startAsynchronous}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b clearDelegatesAndCancel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b ASIHTTPRequest} *) - {\b HEADRequest}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b updateProgressIndicators}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b updateUploadProgress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b updateDownloadProgress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b removeUploadProgressSoFar}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b incrementDownloadSizeBy:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b incrementUploadSizeBy:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b requestStarted}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b requestReceivedResponseHeaders:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b requestFinished}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b failWithError:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b retryUsingNewConnection}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b redirectToURL:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b readResponseHeaders}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b parseStringEncodingFromHeaders}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b applyCredentials:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b applyProxyCredentials:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSMutableDictionary *) - {\b findCredentials}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSMutableDictionary *) - {\b findProxyCredentials}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b retryUsingSuppliedCredentials}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b cancelAuthentication}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b attemptToApplyCredentialsAndResume}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b attemptToApplyProxyCredentialsAndResume}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b showProxyAuthenticationDialog}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b showAuthenticationDialog}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addBasicAuthenticationHeaderWithUsername:andPassword:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b handleNetworkEvent:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b handleBytesAvailable}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b handleStreamComplete}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b handleStreamError}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b markAsFinished}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b removeTemporaryDownloadFile}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b removeTemporaryUncompressedDownloadFile}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b removeTemporaryUploadFile}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b removeTemporaryCompressedUploadFile}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSNumber *) - {\b connectionID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setClientCertificateIdentity:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSDictionary *) - {\b findSessionProxyAuthenticationCredentials}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSDictionary *) - {\b findSessionAuthenticationCredentials}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b saveCredentialsToKeychain:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b performThrottling}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALK}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b requestWithURL:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b requestWithURL:usingCache:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b requestWithURL:usingCache:andCachePolicy:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b updateProgressIndicator:withProgress:ofTotal:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b performSelector:onTarget:withObject:amount:callerToRetain:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b parseMimeType:andResponseEncoding:fromContentType:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) + {\b removeFileAtPath:error:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b expirePersistentConnections}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSTimeInterval) + {\b defaultTimeOutSeconds}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b setDefaultTimeOutSeconds:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSMutableArray *) + {\b sessionProxyCredentialsStore}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSMutableArray *) + {\b sessionCredentialsStore}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b storeProxyAuthenticationCredentialsInSessionStore:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b storeAuthenticationCredentialsInSessionStore:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b removeProxyAuthenticationCredentialsFromSessionStore:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b removeAuthenticationCredentialsFromSessionStore:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b saveCredentials:forHost:port:protocol:realm:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b saveCredentials:forProxy:port:realm:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSURLCredential *) + {\b savedCredentialsForHost:port:protocol:realm:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSURLCredential *) + {\b savedCredentialsForProxy:port:protocol:realm:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAME}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAME}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b removeCredentialsForHost:port:protocol:realm:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b removeCredentialsForProxy:port:realm:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b setSessionCookies:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSMutableArray *) + {\b sessionCookies}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b addSessionCookie:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b clearSession}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) + {\b defaultUserAgentString}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAML}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAML}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b setDefaultUserAgentString:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) + {\b mimeTypeForFileAtPath:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(unsigned long) + {\b maxBandwidthPerSecond}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b setMaxBandwidthPerSecond:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(unsigned long) + {\b averageBandwidthUsedPerSecond}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) + {\b isBandwidthThrottled}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b incrementBandwidthUsedInLastSecond:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSOperationQueue *) + {\b sharedQueue}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b setDefaultCache:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id< {\b ASICacheDelegate} >) + {\b defaultCache}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(unsigned long) + {\b maxUploadReadLength}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) + {\b isNetworkInUse}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b setShouldUpdateNetworkActivityIndicator:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b showNetworkActivityIndicator}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b hideNetworkActivityIndicator}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) + {\b base64forData:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSDate} *) + {\b expiryDateForRequest:maxAge:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSDate} *) + {\b dateFromRFC1123String:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAND}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAND}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSThread *) + {\b threadForRequest:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANE}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSURL * {\b redirectURL}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b ASIHTTPRequestDelegate} > {\b delegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b ASIHTTPRequestDelegate}, \par
{\b ASIProgressDelegate} > {\b queue}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSData * {\b compressedPostBody}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b compressedPostBodyFilePath}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSOutputStream * {\b postBodyWriteStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInputStream * {\b postBodyReadStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSOutputStream * {\b fileDownloadOutputStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSOutputStream * {\b inflatedFileDownloadOutputStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b finished}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b cancelled}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b ASIProgressDelegate} > {\b uploadProgressDelegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b ASIProgressDelegate} > {\b downloadProgressDelegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b haveExaminedHeaders}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CFHTTPMessageRef {\b request}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInputStream * {\b readStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CFHTTPAuthenticationRef {\b requestAuthentication}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CFHTTPAuthenticationRef {\b proxyAuthentication}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b lastBytesRead}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b lastBytesSent}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSRecursiveLock * {\b cancelledLock}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSDate} * {\b lastActivityTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b updatedProgress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b uploadBufferSize}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b needsRedirect}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b redirectCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SecIdentityRef {\b clientCertificateIdentity}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b readStreamIsScheduled}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b willRetryRequest}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b connectionInfo}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b downloadComplete}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b runLoopMode}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSTimer * {\b statusTimer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isPACFileRequest}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b ASIHTTPRequest} * {\b PACFileRequest}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAON}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAON}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInputStream * {\b PACFileReadStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableData * {\b PACFileData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isSynchronous}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOQ}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b username}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b password}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b userAgentString}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b domain}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b proxyUsername}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b proxyPassword}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b proxyDomain}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b proxyHost}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b proxyPort}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b proxyType}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSURL * {\b url}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSURL * {\b originalURL}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id {\b delegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id {\b queue}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id {\b uploadProgressDelegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id {\b downloadProgressDelegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b useKeychainPersistence}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b useSessionPersistence}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b downloadDestinationPath}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b temporaryFileDownloadPath}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b temporaryUncompressedDataDownloadPath}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b didStartSelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b didReceiveResponseHeadersSelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b willRedirectSelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b didFinishSelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b didFailSelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b didReceiveDataSelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b authenticationRealm}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b proxyAuthenticationRealm}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSError * {\b error}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b complete}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSDictionary * {\b responseHeaders}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b requestHeaders}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableArray * {\b requestCookies}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b responseCookies}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b useCookiePersistence}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSDictionary * {\b requestCredentials}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSDictionary * {\b proxyCredentials}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b responseStatusCode}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b responseStatusMessage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableData * {\b rawResponseData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSTimeInterval {\b timeOutSeconds}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b requestMethod}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableData * {\b postBody}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b contentLength}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b postLength}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldResetDownloadProgress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldResetUploadProgress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b ASIHTTPRequest} * {\b mainRequest}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b showAccurateProgress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b totalBytesRead}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b totalBytesSent}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSStringEncoding {\b defaultResponseEncoding}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSStringEncoding {\b responseEncoding}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b allowCompressedResponse}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b allowResumeForFileDownloads}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSDictionary * {\b userInfo}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInteger {\b tag}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b postBodyFilePath}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldStreamPostDataFromDisk}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b didCreateTemporaryPostDataFile}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b useHTTPVersionOne}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b partialDownloadSize}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldRedirect}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b validatesSecureCertificate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldCompressRequestBody}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSURL * {\b PACurl}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b authenticationScheme}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b proxyAuthenticationScheme}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldPresentAuthenticationDialog}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldPresentProxyAuthenticationDialog}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ASIAuthenticationState {\b authenticationNeeded}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldPresentCredentialsBeforeChallenge}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b authenticationRetryCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b proxyAuthenticationRetryCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b haveBuiltRequestHeaders}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b haveBuiltPostBody}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b inProgress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b numberOfTimesToRetryOnTimeout}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b retryCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldAttemptPersistentConnection}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSTimeInterval {\b persistentConnectionTimeoutSeconds}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldUseRFC2616RedirectBehaviour}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b connectionCanBeReused}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b requestID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAART}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAART}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b ASICacheDelegate} > {\b downloadCache}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ASICachePolicy {\b cachePolicy}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ASICacheStoragePolicy {\b cacheStoragePolicy}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b didUseCachedResponse}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSTimeInterval {\b secondsToCache}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b clientCertificates}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b ASIDataDecompressor} * {\b dataDecompressor}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldWaitToInflateCompressedResponses}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASB}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIHTTPRequest.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIHTTPRequest.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIHTTPRequest() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIHTTPRequest()}
{\xe \v ASIHTTPRequest()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASC}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b cancelLoad}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b destroyReadStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b scheduleReadStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b unscheduleReadStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b willAskDelegateForCredentials}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b willAskDelegateForProxyCredentials}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b askDelegateForProxyCredentials}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b askDelegateForCredentials}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b failAuthentication}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b startRequest}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b updateStatus:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b checkRequestStatus}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b reportFailure}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b reportFinished}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b markAsFinished}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b performRedirect}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b shouldTimeOut}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAST}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAST}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b willRedirect}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b willAskDelegateToConfirmRedirect}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b configureProxies}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b fetchPACFile}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b finishedDownloadingPACFile:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b runPACScript:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b timeOutPACRead}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b useDataFromCache}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b updatePartialDownloadSize}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATC}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b measureBandwidthUsage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b recordBandwidthUsage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b performInvocation:onTarget:releasingObject:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b hideNetworkActivityIndicatorAfterDelay}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b hideNetworkActivityIndicatorIfNeeeded}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b runRequests}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATI}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b complete}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b responseCookies}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b responseStatusCode}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSDate} * {\b lastActivityTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b partialDownloadSize}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b uploadBufferSize}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSOutputStream * {\b postBodyWriteStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInputStream * {\b postBodyReadStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b lastBytesRead}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b lastBytesSent}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSRecursiveLock * {\b cancelledLock}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSOutputStream * {\b fileDownloadOutputStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSOutputStream * {\b inflatedFileDownloadOutputStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b authenticationRetryCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b proxyAuthenticationRetryCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b updatedProgress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b needsRedirect}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b redirectCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSData * {\b compressedPostBody}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b compressedPostBodyFilePath}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b authenticationRealm}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b proxyAuthenticationRealm}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b responseStatusMessage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b inProgress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b retryCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b willRetryRequest}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b connectionCanBeReused}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b connectionInfo}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInputStream * {\b readStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ASIAuthenticationState {\b authenticationNeeded}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b readStreamIsScheduled}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b downloadComplete}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b requestID}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b runLoopMode}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSTimer * {\b statusTimer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b didUseCachedResponse}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSURL * {\b redirectURL}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isPACFileRequest}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b ASIHTTPRequest} * {\b PACFileRequest}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInputStream * {\b PACFileReadStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableData * {\b PACFileData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isSynchronous}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUY}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIHTTPRequest.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<ASIHTTPRequestDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <ASIHTTPRequestDelegate>}
{\xe \v <ASIHTTPRequestDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAUZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAUZ}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b ASINetworkQueue}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b requestStarted:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b request:didReceiveResponseHeaders:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b request:willRedirectToURL:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b requestFinished:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b requestFailed:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b requestRedirected:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b request:didReceiveData:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b authenticationNeededForRequest:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b proxyAuthenticationNeededForRequest:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVI}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIHTTPRequestDelegate.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASIInputStream Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASIInputStream}
{\xe \v ASIInputStream}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVJ}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b inputStreamWithFileAtPath:request:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b inputStreamWithData:request:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVL}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInputStream * {\b stream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b ASIHTTPRequest} * {\b request}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVN}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIInputStream.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIInputStream.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASINetworkQueue Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASINetworkQueue}
{\xe \v ASINetworkQueue}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVO}
\par
{
Inherits {\b <ASIProgressDelegate>}, and {\b <ASIHTTPRequestDelegate>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b reset}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addHEADOperation:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b go}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVR}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b queue}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVS}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id {\b uploadProgressDelegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id {\b downloadProgressDelegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b requestDidStartSelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b requestDidReceiveResponseHeadersSelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b requestWillRedirectSelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b requestDidFinishSelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b requestDidFailSelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAVZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAVZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b queueDidFinishSelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldCancelAllRequestsOnFailure}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id {\b delegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b showAccurateProgress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b requestsCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSDictionary * {\b userInfo}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b bytesUploadedSoFar}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b totalBytesToUpload}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b bytesDownloadedSoFar}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long long {\b totalBytesToDownload}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWJ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASINetworkQueue.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASINetworkQueue.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ASINetworkQueue() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ASINetworkQueue()}
{\xe \v ASINetworkQueue()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWK}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b resetProgressDelegate:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWL}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b requestsCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWM}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASINetworkQueue.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<ASIProgressDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <ASIProgressDelegate>}
{\xe \v <ASIProgressDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWN}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b ASINetworkQueue}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setDoubleValue:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setMaxValue:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b request:didReceiveBytes:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b request:didSendBytes:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b request:incrementDownloadSizeBy:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b request:incrementUploadSizeBy:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWT}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ASIProgressDelegate.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
BaseObject Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWU}
\par
{
Inherits {\b DatabaseDriver}, and {\b <BaseObjectProtocol>}.}\par
{
Inherited by {\b MedicationObject}, {\b PatientObject}, {\b PrescriptionObject}, {\b QueueManager}, {\b UserObject}, and {\b VisitationObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b tryAndSendData:withErrorToFire:andWithPositiveResponse:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b UpdateObject:shouldLock:andSendObjects:withInstruction:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b SendData:toServerWithErrorMessage:andResponse:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b startSearchWithData:withsearchType:andOnComplete:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSMutableArray *) - {\b convertListOfManagedObjectsToListOfDictionaries:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b SaveListOfObjectsFromDictionary:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isConnectedToServer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSMutableDictionary *) - {\b getDictionaryValuesFromManagedObject:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWW}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) + {\b getCurrenUserName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWX}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
id {\b client}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ObjectTypes {\b objectType}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RemoteCommands {\b commands}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSManagedObject * {\b databaseObject}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b NSString} * {\b COMMONDATABASE}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b NSString} * {\b COMMONID}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSInteger {\b CLASSTYPE}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v convertListOfManagedObjectsToListOfDictionaries:\:BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject\:convertListOfManagedObjectsToListOfDictionaries:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSMutableArray*) convertListOfManagedObjectsToListOfDictionaries: (NSArray *) {\i managedObjects}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Given an array of NSManagedObjects, it will create an array of dictionaries from it \par
}}
{\xe \v SaveListOfObjectsFromDictionary:\:BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject\:SaveListOfObjectsFromDictionary:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) SaveListOfObjectsFromDictionary: (NSDictionary *) {\i patientList}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAWZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAWZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Given a dictionary, the object it represents will be created/updated in the database \par
}}
{\xe \v SendData:toServerWithErrorMessage:andResponse:\:BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject\:SendData:toServerWithErrorMessage:andResponse:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) SendData: (NSDictionary *) {\i data} toServerWithErrorMessage: ({\b NSString} *) {\i msg} andResponse: (ObjectResponse) {\i Response}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends data to the {\b ServerCore} to be sent to the {\b Server} \par
}}
{\xe \v startSearchWithData:withsearchType:andOnComplete:\:BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject\:startSearchWithData:withsearchType:andOnComplete:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) startSearchWithData: (NSDictionary *) {\i data} withsearchType: (RemoteCommands) {\i rCommand} andOnComplete: (ObjectResponse) {\i response}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Common Method for for all classes that extends the {\b BaseObject} to use for searching \par
}}
{\xe \v tryAndSendData:withErrorToFire:andWithPositiveResponse:\:BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject\:tryAndSendData:withErrorToFire:andWithPositiveResponse:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) tryAndSendData: (NSDictionary *) {\i data} withErrorToFire: (ObjectResponse) {\i negativeResponse} andWithPositiveResponse: (ServerCallback) {\i posResponse}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Directly Pushes the information into the {\b ServerCore} but checks to see if connection is available \par
}}
{\xe \v UpdateObject:shouldLock:andSendObjects:withInstruction:\:BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject\:UpdateObject:shouldLock:andSendObjects:withInstruction:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) UpdateObject: (ObjectResponse) {\i response} shouldLock: (BOOL) {\i shouldLock} andSendObjects: (NSMutableDictionary *) {\i dataToSend} withInstruction: (NSInteger) {\i instruction}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Updates the given object and executes the given instruction on the server side \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CLASSTYPE\:BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject\:CLASSTYPE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSInteger) CLASSTYPE{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This needs to be set during the unpackageFileForUser:(NSDictionary*)data method so the recieving device knows how to execute the request via the CommonExecution method \par
}}
{\xe \v client\:BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject\:client}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) client{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This needs to be set everytime information is recieved by the serverCore, so it knows how to send information back \par
}}
{\xe \v commands\:BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject\:commands}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (RemoteCommands) commands{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This needs to be set during the unpackageFileForUser:(NSDictionary*)data method so the recieving device knows how to execute the request via the CommonExecution method \par
}}
{\xe \v COMMONDATABASE\:BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject\:COMMONDATABASE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b NSString}*) COMMONDATABASE{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This needs to be set during the unpackageFileForUser:(NSDictionary*)data method so the recieving device knows how to execute the request via the CommonExecution method \par
}}
{\xe \v COMMONID\:BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject\:COMMONID}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b NSString}*) COMMONID{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This needs to be set during the unpackageFileForUser:(NSDictionary*)data method so the recieving device knows how to execute the request via the CommonExecution method \par
}}
{\xe \v databaseObject\:BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject\:databaseObject}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSManagedObject*) databaseObject{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This needs to be set during the unpackageFileForUser:(NSDictionary*)data method so the recieving device knows how to execute the request via the CommonExecution method \par
}}
{\xe \v objectType\:BaseObject}
{\xe \v BaseObject\:objectType}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (ObjectTypes) objectType{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This needs to be set (during unpackageFileForUser:(NSDictionary*)data method) so that any recieving device knows how to unpack the information \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BaseObject+Protected.m\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BaseObject.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BaseObject.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<BaseObjectProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <BaseObjectProtocol>}
{\xe \v <BaseObjectProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXL}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b BaseObject}, and {\b StatusObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b init}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b initAndMakeNewDatabaseObject}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b initAndFillWithNewObject:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b initWithCachedObjectWithUpdatedObject:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b unpackageFileForUser:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b CommonExecution}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b getObjectForAttribute:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b setObject:withAttribute:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b loadObjectForID:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSManagedObject *) - {\b loadObjectWithID:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b deleteCurrentlyHeldObjectFromDatabase}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b deleteDatabaseDictionaryObject:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b saveObject:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b setValueToDictionaryValues:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSMutableDictionary *) - {\b getDictionaryValuesFromManagedObject}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CommonExecution\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:CommonExecution}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) CommonExecution }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This needs to be implemented at all times. This is responsible for carrying out the instructions that it was given.\par
Instruction should be determined using switch statement on the variable RemoteCommands commands (see properties at the bottom). during the unpackageFileForUser:(NSDictionary*)data method, make sure you save the method to the previously mentioned variable. That way when CommonExecution method is called it knows what to execute.\par
If you want to add more methods that you think the server needs to interpret add it to the RemoteCommands typedef above and add it to the opposite systems typedef. (make sure you implement it in the appropriate place in the both the Client & {\b Server}) \par
}}
{\xe \v deleteCurrentlyHeldObjectFromDatabase\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:deleteCurrentlyHeldObjectFromDatabase}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) deleteCurrentlyHeldObjectFromDatabase }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deletes the current database object \par
}}
{\xe \v deleteDatabaseDictionaryObject:\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:deleteDatabaseDictionaryObject:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) deleteDatabaseDictionaryObject: (NSDictionary *) {\i object}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deletes the related object from database based on the contents from the dictionary \par
}}
{\xe \v getDictionaryValuesFromManagedObject\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:getDictionaryValuesFromManagedObject}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSMutableDictionary*) getDictionaryValuesFromManagedObject }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
returns the NSManagedObject back as a dictionary \par
}}
{\xe \v getObjectForAttribute:\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:getObjectForAttribute:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) getObjectForAttribute: ({\b NSString} *) {\i attribute}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this to retrieve objects/values from the Patient object. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i attribute} \cell }{the name of the attribute you want to retrieve. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v init\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) init }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
used for generic purposes like searching, \par
}}
{\xe \v initAndFillWithNewObject:\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:initAndFillWithNewObject:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) initAndFillWithNewObject: (NSDictionary *) {\i info}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This needs to be set during the unpackageFileForUser:(NSDictionary*)data method so the recieving device knows how to execute the request via the CommonExecution method \par
}}
{\xe \v initAndMakeNewDatabaseObject\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:initAndMakeNewDatabaseObject}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) initAndMakeNewDatabaseObject }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
use this if you expect the object to save new values \par
}}
{\xe \v initWithCachedObjectWithUpdatedObject:\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:initWithCachedObjectWithUpdatedObject:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) initWithCachedObjectWithUpdatedObject: (NSDictionary *) {\i dic}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Loads the older data and overides it with the new info \par
}}
{\xe \v loadObjectForID:\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:loadObjectForID:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) loadObjectForID: ({\b NSString} *) {\i objectID}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This needs to be set during the unpackageFileForUser:(NSDictionary*)data method so the recieving device knows how to execute the request via the CommonExecution method \par
}}
{\xe \v loadObjectWithID:\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:loadObjectWithID:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSManagedObject*) loadObjectWithID: ({\b NSString} *) {\i objectID}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Given the id, will search for object in the database and return an NSManagedObject \par
}}
{\xe \v saveObject:\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:saveObject:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) saveObject: (ObjectResponse) {\i eventResponse}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This only needs to be implemented if the object needs to save to its local database \par
}}
{\xe \v setObject:withAttribute:\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:setObject:withAttribute:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) setObject: (id) {\i object} withAttribute: ({\b NSString} *) {\i attribute}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAXZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAXZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this to save attributes of the object. For instance, to the Patient's Firstname can be saved by passing the string of his name and the Attribute FIRSTNAME {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i object} \cell }{object that needs to be stored in the database \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i attribute} \cell }{the name of the attribute or the key to which the object needs to be saved \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setValueToDictionaryValues:\:BaseObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v BaseObjectProtocol-p\:setValueToDictionaryValues:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) setValueToDictionaryValues: (NSDictionary *) {\i values}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the current databaseObject to the values in the given dictionary \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BaseObjectProtocol.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
BaseObjectTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v BaseObjectTest}
{\xe \v BaseObjectTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYB}
\par
{
Inherits {\b GHTestCase}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PatientObject} * {\b base}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b testData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYD}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/BaseObjectTest.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CameraFacade Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CameraFacade}
{\xe \v CameraFacade}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYE}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}, and {\b <UICameraDelegate>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithView:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b TakePictureWithCompletion:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b ShowAlbumWithCompletion:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b TakeVideoWithCompletion:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYI}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UIViewController} * {\b currentView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UICamera} * {\b camera}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYK}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
CameraFacade.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
CameraFacade.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ColorMe Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ColorMe}
{\xe \v ColorMe}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYL}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(int) - {\b selectedColor}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(UIColor *) - {\b useSelectedColor}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setColor:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYO}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b addShadowLayer:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b addRoundedEdges:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b addBorder:withWidth:withColor:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b addFadeGradientToLayer:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b addTopRoundedEdges:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(UIColor *) + {\b whitishColor}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(UIColor *) + {\b grayishColor}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b coloreMeCompletely:andColor:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b coloreTint:andColor:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(UIColor *) + {\b colorFor:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b addRoundedBlackBorderWithShadowInRect:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAYZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAYZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(UIColor *) + {\b tintColorFor:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b drawGlossyBackground:startColor:stopColor:addRect:colorSpaceRef:isVertical:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b drawGradient:startColor:stopColor:addRect:colorSpaceRef:isVertical:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b drawBorder:borderColor:addRect:colorSpaceRef:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(UIColor *) + {\b greenTheme}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) + {\b ColorTint:forCustomColor:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZF}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b pickedColor}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZG}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ColorMe.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ColorMe.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<CommonObjectProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <CommonObjectProtocol>}
{\xe \v <CommonObjectProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZH}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b MedicationObject}, {\b PatientObject}, {\b PrescriptionObject}, {\b UserObject}, and {\b VisitationObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b associateObjectToItsSuperParent:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b createNewObject:onCompletion:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSArray *) - {\b FindAllObjectsLocallyFromParentObject:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b FindAllObjectsOnServerFromParentObject:OnCompletion:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b UpdateObjectAndShouldLock:witData:AndInstructions:onCompletion:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) + {\b DatabaseName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZM}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v UpdateObjectAndShouldLock:witData:AndInstructions:onCompletion:\:CommonObjectProtocol-p}
{\xe \v CommonObjectProtocol-p\:UpdateObjectAndShouldLock:witData:AndInstructions:onCompletion:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) UpdateObjectAndShouldLock: (BOOL) {\i shouldLock} witData: (NSMutableDictionary *) {\i dataToSend} AndInstructions: (NSInteger) {\i instruction} onCompletion: (ObjectResponse) {\i response}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Updates the given object and executes the given instruction on the server side \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
CommonObjectProtocol.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CurrentDiagnosisTableCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CurrentDiagnosisTableCell}
{\xe \v CurrentDiagnosisTableCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZO}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b CurrentDiagnosisViewController} * {\b viewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZP}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/CurrentDiagnosisTableCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CurrentDiagnosisViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CurrentDiagnosisViewController}
{\xe \v CurrentDiagnosisViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZQ}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b submitButton:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZS}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZT}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b patientData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b VisitationObject} * {\b visitationData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b subjectiveLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextView * {\b subjectiveTextbox}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b objectiveLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextView * {\b objectiveTextbox}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAZZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAZZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b assessmentLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextView * {\b assessmentTextbox}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b submitButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UIView} * {\b view}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAD}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/CurrentDiagnosisViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/CurrentDiagnosisViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CurrentDiagnosisViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CurrentDiagnosisViewController()}
{\xe \v CurrentDiagnosisViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAE}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/CurrentDiagnosisViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CurrentDiagnosisViewControllerTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CurrentDiagnosisViewControllerTest}
{\xe \v CurrentDiagnosisViewControllerTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAF}
\par
{
Inherits {\b GHAsyncTestCase}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/CurrentDiagnosisViewControllerTest.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CurrentVisitTableCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CurrentVisitTableCell}
{\xe \v CurrentVisitTableCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAG}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b CurrentVisitViewController} * {\b viewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAH}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/CurrentVisitTableCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CurrentVisitViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CurrentVisitViewController}
{\xe \v CurrentVisitViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAI}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b checkInButton:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b quickCheckOutButton:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b validateCheckin}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAM}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b currentVisit}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAO}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b patientData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientWeightLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientWeightMeasurementLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b patientWeightField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b bloodPressureLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b bloodPressureDivider}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b bloodPressureMeasurementLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b systolicField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b diastolicField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b heartFieldLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b heartMeasurementLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABAZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b heartField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b respirationLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b respirationMeasurementLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b respirationField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b tempLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b tempMeasurementLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b tempField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b conditionTitleField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextView * {\b conditionsTextbox}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UISegmentedControl * {\b visitPriority}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBJ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/CurrentVisitViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/CurrentVisitViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CurrentVisitViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CurrentVisitViewController()}
{\xe \v CurrentVisitViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBK}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGPoint {\b originalCenter}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBL}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/CurrentVisitViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DashboardTableCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DashboardTableCell}
{\xe \v DashboardTableCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBM}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientConditionTitle}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b employeeName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientWaitTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b patientPhoto}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextView * {\b priorityIndicator}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBS}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PatientDashboardViewController.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Database Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Database}
{\xe \v Database}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBT}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}, and {\b <DatabaseProtocol>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b sharedInstance}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b sharedClass}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBV}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b ServerProtocol} > {\b ServerManager}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSManagedObjectContext * {\b managedObjectContext}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSManagedObjectModel * {\b managedObjectModel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSPersistentStoreCoordinator * {\b persistentStoreCoordinator}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABBZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABBZ}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Database.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Database.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DatabaseDriver Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DatabaseDriver}
{\xe \v DatabaseDriver}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCA}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}, and {\b <DatabaseDriverProtocol>}.}\par
{
Inherited by {\b BaseObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b init}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSManagedObject *) - {\b CreateANewObjectFromClass:isTemporary:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b SaveCurrentObjectToDatabase}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b SaveAndRefreshObjectToDatabase:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSArray *) - {\b FindObjectInTable:withCustomPredicate:andSortByAttribute:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSArray *) - {\b FindObjectInTable:withName:forAttribute:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCG}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b DatabaseProtocol} > {\b database}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCH}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
DatabaseDriver.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
DatabaseDriver.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<DatabaseDriverProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <DatabaseDriverProtocol>}
{\xe \v <DatabaseDriverProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCI}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b DatabaseDriver}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b getObjectForAttribute:inDatabaseObject:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b setObject:withAttribute:inDatabaseObject:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b deleteObjectFromDatabase:withDefiningAttribute:forKey:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b deleteNSManagedObject:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCK}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v getObjectForAttribute:inDatabaseObject:\:DatabaseDriverProtocol-p}
{\xe \v DatabaseDriverProtocol-p\:getObjectForAttribute:inDatabaseObject:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) getObjectForAttribute: ({\b NSString} *) {\i attribute} inDatabaseObject: (NSManagedObject *) {\i DBObject}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this to retrieve objects/values from the Patient object. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i attribute} \cell }{the name of the attribute you want to retrieve. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i DBObject} \cell }{the object to get the value from \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setObject:withAttribute:inDatabaseObject:\:DatabaseDriverProtocol-p}
{\xe \v DatabaseDriverProtocol-p\:setObject:withAttribute:inDatabaseObject:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) setObject: (id) {\i object} withAttribute: ({\b NSString} *) {\i attribute} inDatabaseObject: (NSManagedObject *) {\i DBObject}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use this to save attributes of the object. For instance, to the Patient's Firstname can be saved by passing the string of his name and the Attribute FIRSTNAME {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i object} \cell }{object that needs to be stored in the database \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i attribute} \cell }{the name of the attribute or the key to which the object needs to be saved \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i DBObject} \cell }{the Core data object to modify its attribute \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
DatabaseDriverProtocol.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<DatabaseProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <DatabaseProtocol>}
{\xe \v <DatabaseProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCN}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b Database}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSManagedObjectContext *) - {\b managedObjectContext}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b saveContext}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCP}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
DatabaseProtocol.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DateController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DateController}
{\xe \v DateController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCQ}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b saveNewDate:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCS}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCT}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b dateLbl}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIDatePicker * {\b datePicker}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCV}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/DateController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/DateController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DateController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DateController()}
{\xe \v DateController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCW}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/DateController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DoctorPatientViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DoctorPatientViewController}
{\xe \v DoctorPatientViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCX}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b segmentClicked:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCY}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABCZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABCZ}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b patientData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b visitationData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b prescriptionData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b CurrentDiagnosisViewController} * {\b diagnosisViewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PreviousVisitsViewController} * {\b previousVisitViewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b DoctorPrescriptionViewController} * {\b precriptionViewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b MedicineSearchViewController} * {\b medicineViewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b patientNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b familyNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b villageNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b patientAgeField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b patientSexField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b patientPhoto}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientWeightLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientBPLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientHRLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientRespirationLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientTempLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITableView * {\b tableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIToolbar * {\b toolBar}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UISegmentedControl * {\b segmentedControl}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDU}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/DoctorPatientViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/DoctorPatientViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DoctorPatientViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DoctorPatientViewController()}
{\xe \v DoctorPatientViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDV}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/DoctorPatientViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DoctorPatientViewControllerTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DoctorPatientViewControllerTest}
{\xe \v DoctorPatientViewControllerTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDW}
\par
{
Inherits {\b GHAsyncTestCase}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/DoctorPatientViewControllerTest.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DoctorPrescriptionCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DoctorPrescriptionCell}
{\xe \v DoctorPrescriptionCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDX}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b DoctorPrescriptionViewController} * {\b viewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDY}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/DoctorPrescriptionCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DoctorPrescriptionViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DoctorPrescriptionViewController}
{\xe \v DoctorPrescriptionViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABDZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABDZ}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

() - {\b IBOutletCollection}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b newTimeOfDay:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b findDrugs:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b savePrescription:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABED}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABED}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b deactivateControllerFields}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEF}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEG}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b patientData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b prescriptionData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextView * {\b medicationNotes}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b drugTextField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b tabletsTextField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b timeOfDayTextFields}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEM}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/DoctorPrescriptionViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/DoctorPrescriptionViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DoctorPrescriptionViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DoctorPrescriptionViewController()}
{\xe \v DoctorPrescriptionViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEN}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b timeOfDay}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEO}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/DoctorPrescriptionViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DoctorViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DoctorViewController}
{\xe \v DoctorViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEP}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEQ}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABER}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABER}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b SearchPatientViewController} * {\b viewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABES}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABES}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b patientData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABET}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABET}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b SearchPatientViewController} * {\b control}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITableView * {\b tableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEV}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/DoctorViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/DoctorViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DoctorViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DoctorViewController()}
{\xe \v DoctorViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEW}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/DoctorViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
FingerprintObject Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v FingerprintObject}
{\xe \v FingerprintObject}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEX}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}, {\b <FingerprintObjectProtocol>}, and {\b <PBBiometryDatabase>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) + {\b sharedClass}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSMutableArray * {\b enrolledFingers}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v sharedClass\:FingerprintObject}
{\xe \v FingerprintObject\:sharedClass}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (id) sharedClass }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The class is a singleton. This method returns the single object for this class. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v enrolledFingers\:FingerprintObject}
{\xe \v FingerprintObject\:enrolledFingers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSMutableArray*) enrolledFingers{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABEZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABEZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
List of enrolled fingers. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
FingerprintObject.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
FingerprintObject.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<FingerprintObjectProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <FingerprintObjectProtocol>}
{\xe \v <FingerprintObjectProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFA}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b FingerprintObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithEnrolledFingers:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFB}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSMutableDictionary *) + {\b findPatientFromArrayOfPatients:withFinger:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFC}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
FingerprintObjectProtocol.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
FIUAppDelegate Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v FIUAppDelegate}
{\xe \v FIUAppDelegate}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b saveContext}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSURL *) - {\b applicationDocumentsDirectory}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFF}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b AJNotificationView} *) + {\b getNotificationWithColor:Animation:WithMessage:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b AJNotificationView} *) + {\b getNotificationWithColor:Animation:WithMessage:inView:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFH}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b ServerProtocol} > {\b ServerManager}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIWindow * {\b window}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b currentUserName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSManagedObjectContext * {\b managedObjectContext}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSManagedObjectModel * {\b managedObjectModel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSPersistentStoreCoordinator * {\b persistentStoreCoordinator}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFN}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/FIUAppDelegate.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/FIUAppDelegate.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
FIUPatientCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v FIUPatientCell}
{\xe \v FIUPatientCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFO}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/FIUPatientCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GCDAsyncReadPacket Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GCDAsyncReadPacket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncReadPacket}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFP}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithData:startOffset:maxLength:timeout:readLength:terminator:tag:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b ensureCapacityForAdditionalDataOfLength:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSUInteger) - {\b optimalReadLengthWithDefault:shouldPreBuffer:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSUInteger) - {\b readLengthForNonTermWithHint:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSUInteger) - {\b readLengthForTermWithHint:shouldPreBuffer:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSUInteger) - {\b readLengthForTermWithPreBuffer:found:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSInteger) - {\b searchForTermAfterPreBuffering:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableData * {\b buffer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSUInteger {\b startOffset}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSUInteger {\b bytesDone}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSUInteger {\b maxLength}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSTimeInterval {\b timeout}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSUInteger {\b readLength}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSData * {\b term}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b bufferOwner}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSUInteger {\b originalBufferLength}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABFZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABFZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

long {\b tag}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGA}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The {\b GCDAsyncReadPacket} encompasses the instructions for any given read. The content of a read packet allows the code to determine if we're:{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reading to a certain length\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reading to a certain separator\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
or simply reading the first chunk of available data \par}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ensureCapacityForAdditionalDataOfLength:\:GCDAsyncReadPacket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncReadPacket\:ensureCapacityForAdditionalDataOfLength:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) ensureCapacityForAdditionalDataOfLength: (NSUInteger) {\i bytesToRead}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Increases the length of the buffer (if needed) to ensure a read of the given size will fit. \par
}}
{\xe \v optimalReadLengthWithDefault:shouldPreBuffer:\:GCDAsyncReadPacket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncReadPacket\:optimalReadLengthWithDefault:shouldPreBuffer:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSUInteger) optimalReadLengthWithDefault: (NSUInteger) {\i defaultValue} shouldPreBuffer: (BOOL *) {\i shouldPreBufferPtr}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This method is used when we do NOT know how much data is available to be read from the socket. This method returns the default value unless it exceeds the specified readLength or maxLength.\par
Furthermore, the shouldPreBuffer decision is based upon the packet type, and whether the returned value would fit in the current buffer without requiring a resize of the buffer. \par
}}
{\xe \v readLengthForNonTermWithHint:\:GCDAsyncReadPacket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncReadPacket\:readLengthForNonTermWithHint:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSUInteger) readLengthForNonTermWithHint: (NSUInteger) {\i bytesAvailable}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
For read packets without a set terminator, returns the amount of data that can be read without exceeding the readLength or maxLength.\par
The given parameter indicates the number of bytes estimated to be available on the socket, which is taken into consideration during the calculation.\par
The given hint MUST be greater than zero. \par
}}
{\xe \v readLengthForTermWithHint:shouldPreBuffer:\:GCDAsyncReadPacket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncReadPacket\:readLengthForTermWithHint:shouldPreBuffer:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSUInteger) readLengthForTermWithHint: (NSUInteger) {\i bytesAvailable} shouldPreBuffer: (BOOL *) {\i shouldPreBufferPtr}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
For read packets with a set terminator, returns the amount of data that can be read without exceeding the maxLength.\par
The given parameter indicates the number of bytes estimated to be available on the socket, which is taken into consideration during the calculation.\par
To optimize memory allocations, mem copies, and mem moves the shouldPreBuffer boolean value will indicate if the data should be read into a prebuffer first, or if the data can be read directly into the read packet's buffer. \par
}}
{\xe \v readLengthForTermWithPreBuffer:found:\:GCDAsyncReadPacket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncReadPacket\:readLengthForTermWithPreBuffer:found:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSUInteger) readLengthForTermWithPreBuffer: ({\b GCDAsyncSocketPreBuffer} *) {\i preBuffer} found: (BOOL *) {\i foundPtr}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
For read packets with a set terminator, returns the amount of data that can be read from the given preBuffer, without going over a terminator or the maxLength.\par
It is assumed the terminator has not already been read. \par
}}
{\xe \v searchForTermAfterPreBuffering:\:GCDAsyncReadPacket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncReadPacket\:searchForTermAfterPreBuffering:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSInteger) searchForTermAfterPreBuffering: (ssize_t) {\i numBytes}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
For read packets with a set terminator, scans the packet buffer for the term. It is assumed the terminator had not been fully read prior to the new bytes.\par
If the term is found, the number of excess bytes after the term are returned. If the term is not found, this method will return -1.\par
Note: A return value of zero means the term was found at the very end.\par
Prerequisites: The given number of bytes have been added to the end of our buffer. Our bytesDone variable has NOT been changed due to the prebuffered bytes. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocket.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocket Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGH}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b init}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithSocketQueue:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithDelegate:delegateQueue:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithDelegate:delegateQueue:socketQueue:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b delegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setDelegate:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b synchronouslySetDelegate:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(dispatch_queue_t) - {\b delegateQueue}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setDelegateQueue:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b synchronouslySetDelegateQueue:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b getDelegate:delegateQueue:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setDelegate:delegateQueue:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b synchronouslySetDelegate:delegateQueue:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b autoDisconnectOnClosedReadStream}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setAutoDisconnectOnClosedReadStream:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b isIPv4Enabled}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setIPv4Enabled:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isIPv6Enabled}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setIPv6Enabled:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isIPv4PreferredOverIPv6}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setPreferIPv4OverIPv6:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABGZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABGZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b userData}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setUserData:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b acceptOnPort:error:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b acceptOnInterface:port:error:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b connectToHost:onPort:error:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b connectToHost:onPort:withTimeout:error:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b connectToHost:onPort:viaInterface:withTimeout:error:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b connectToAddress:error:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b connectToAddress:withTimeout:error:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b connectToAddress:viaInterface:withTimeout:error:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b disconnect}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b disconnectAfterReading}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b disconnectAfterWriting}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b disconnectAfterReadingAndWriting}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b isDisconnected}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isConnected}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
({\b NSString} *) - {\b connectedHost}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint16_t) - {\b connectedPort}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b localHost}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint16_t) - {\b localPort}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSData *) - {\b connectedAddress}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSData *) - {\b localAddress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b isIPv4}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isIPv6}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b isSecure}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b readDataWithTimeout:tag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b readDataWithTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:tag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b readDataWithTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:maxLength:tag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b readDataToLength:withTimeout:tag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b readDataToLength:withTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:tag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b readDataToData:withTimeout:tag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b readDataToData:withTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:tag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b readDataToData:withTimeout:maxLength:tag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b readDataToData:withTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:maxLength:tag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(float) - {\b progressOfReadReturningTag:bytesDone:total:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b writeData:withTimeout:tag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(float) - {\b progressOfWriteReturningTag:bytesDone:total:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b startTLS:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b performBlock:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(int) - {\b socketFD}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(int) - {\b socket4FD}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(int) - {\b socket6FD}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(SSLContextRef) - {\b sslContext}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
({\b NSString} *) + {\b hostFromAddress:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint16_t) + {\b portFromAddress:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) + {\b getHost:port:fromAddress:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSData *) + {\b CRLFData}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSData *) + {\b CRData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSData *) + {\b LFData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSData *) + {\b ZeroData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHN}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

uint32_t {\b flags}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

uint16_t {\b config}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

__unsafe_unretained id {\b delegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

dispatch_queue_t {\b delegateQueue}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b socket4FD}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b socket6FD}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b connectIndex}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSData * {\b connectInterface4}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSData * {\b connectInterface6}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

dispatch_queue_t {\b socketQueue}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

dispatch_source_t {\b accept4Source}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

dispatch_source_t {\b accept6Source}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABHZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABHZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

dispatch_source_t {\b connectTimer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

dispatch_source_t {\b readSource}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

dispatch_source_t {\b writeSource}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

dispatch_source_t {\b readTimer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABID}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABID}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

dispatch_source_t {\b writeTimer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableArray * {\b readQueue}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableArray * {\b writeQueue}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b GCDAsyncReadPacket} * {\b currentRead}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b GCDAsyncWritePacket} * {\b currentWrite}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABII}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABII}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned long {\b socketFDBytesAvailable}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b GCDAsyncSocketPreBuffer} * {\b preBuffer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SSLContextRef {\b sslContext}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b GCDAsyncSocketPreBuffer} * {\b sslPreBuffer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b sslWriteCachedLength}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

OSStatus {\b sslErrCode}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id {\b userData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIP}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v acceptOnInterface:port:error:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:acceptOnInterface:port:error:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) acceptOnInterface: ({\b NSString} *) {\i interface} port: (uint16_t) {\i port} error: (NSError **) {\i errPtr}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This method is the same as acceptOnPort:error: with the additional option of specifying which interface to listen on.\par
For example, you could specify that the socket should only accept connections over ethernet, and not other interfaces such as wifi.\par
The interface may be specified by name (e.g. "en1" or "lo0") or by IP address (e.g. "192.168.4.34"). You may also use the special strings "localhost" or "loopback" to specify that the socket only accept connections from the local machine.\par
You can see the list of interfaces via the command line utility "ifconfig", or programmatically via the getifaddrs() function.\par
To accept connections on any interface pass nil, or simply use the acceptOnPort:error: method. \par
}}
{\xe \v acceptOnPort:error:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:acceptOnPort:error:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) acceptOnPort: (uint16_t) {\i port} error: (NSError **) {\i errPtr}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tells the socket to begin listening and accepting connections on the given port. When a connection is accepted, a new instance of {\b GCDAsyncSocket} will be spawned to handle it, and the socket:didAcceptNewSocket: delegate method will be invoked.\par
The socket will listen on all available interfaces (e.g. wifi, ethernet, etc) \par
}}
{\xe \v autoDisconnectOnClosedReadStream\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:autoDisconnectOnClosedReadStream}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) autoDisconnectOnClosedReadStream }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Traditionally sockets are not closed until the conversation is over. However, it is technically possible for the remote enpoint to close its write stream. Our socket would then be notified that there is no more data to be read, but our socket would still be writeable and the remote endpoint could continue to receive our data.\par
The argument for this confusing functionality stems from the idea that a client could shut down its write stream after sending a request to the server, thus notifying the server there are to be no further requests. In practice, however, this technique did little to help server developers.\par
To make matters worse, from a TCP perspective there is no way to tell the difference from a read stream close and a full socket close. They both result in the TCP stack receiving a FIN packet. The only way to tell is by continuing to write to the socket. If it was only a read stream close, then writes will continue to work. Otherwise an error will be occur shortly (when the remote end sends us a RST packet).\par
In addition to the technical challenges and confusion, many high level socket/stream API's provide no support for dealing with the problem. If the read stream is closed, the API immediately declares the socket to be closed, and shuts down the write stream as well. In fact, this is what Apple's CFStream API does. It might sound like poor design at first, but in fact it simplifies development.\par
The vast majority of the time if the read stream is closed it's because the remote endpoint closed its socket. Thus it actually makes sense to close the socket at this point. And in fact this is what most networking developers want and expect to happen. However, if you are writing a server that interacts with a plethora of clients, you might encounter a client that uses the discouraged technique of shutting down its write stream. If this is the case, you can set this property to NO, and make use of the socketDidCloseReadStream delegate method.\par
The default value is YES. \par
}}
{\xe \v connectedAddress\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:connectedAddress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSData *) connectedAddress }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the local or remote address to which this socket is connected, specified as a sockaddr structure wrapped in a NSData object.\par
See also the connectedHost, connectedPort, localHost and localPort methods. \par
}}
{\xe \v connectedHost\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:connectedHost}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b NSString} *) connectedHost }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the local or remote host and port to which this socket is connected, or nil and 0 if not connected. The host will be an IP address. \par
}}
{\xe \v connectToAddress:error:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:connectToAddress:error:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) connectToAddress: (NSData *) {\i remoteAddr} error: (NSError **) {\i errPtr}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Connects to the given address, specified as a sockaddr structure wrapped in a NSData object. For example, a NSData object returned from NSNetService's addresses method.\par
If you have an existing struct sockaddr you can convert it to a NSData object like so: struct sockaddr sa -> NSData *dsa = [NSData dataWithBytes:&remoteAddr length:remoteAddr.sa_len]; struct sockaddr *sa -> NSData *dsa = [NSData dataWithBytes:remoteAddr length:remoteAddr->sa_len];\par
This method invokes connectToAdd \par
}}
{\xe \v connectToAddress:viaInterface:withTimeout:error:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:connectToAddress:viaInterface:withTimeout:error:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) connectToAddress: (NSData *) {\i remoteAddr} viaInterface: ({\b NSString} *) {\i interface} withTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} error: (NSError **) {\i errPtr}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Connects to the given address, using the specified interface and timeout.\par
The address is specified as a sockaddr structure wrapped in a NSData object. For example, a NSData object returned from NSNetService's addresses method.\par
If you have an existing struct sockaddr you can convert it to a NSData object like so: struct sockaddr sa -> NSData *dsa = [NSData dataWithBytes:&remoteAddr length:remoteAddr.sa_len]; struct sockaddr *sa -> NSData *dsa = [NSData dataWithBytes:remoteAddr length:remoteAddr->sa_len];\par
The interface may be a name (e.g. "en1" or "lo0") or the corresponding IP address (e.g. "192.168.4.35"). The interface may also be used to specify the local port (see below).\par
The timeout is optional. To not time out use a negative time interval.\par
This method will return NO if an error is detected, and set the error pointer (if one was given). Possible errors would be a nil host, invalid interface, or socket is already connected.\par
If no errors are detected, this method will start a background connect operation and immediately return YES. The delegate callbacks are used to notify you when the socket connects, or if the host was unreachable.\par
Since this class supports queued reads and writes, you can immediately start reading and/or writing. All read/write operations will be queued, and upon socket connection, the operations will be dequeued and processed in order.\par
The interface may optionally contain a port number at the end of the string, separated by a colon. This allows you to specify the local port that should be used for the outgoing connection. (read paragraph to end) To specify both interface and local port: "en1:8082" or "192.168.4.35:2424". To specify only local port: ":8082". Please note this is an advanced feature, and is somewhat hidden on purpose. You should understand that 99.999% of the time you should NOT specify the local port for an outgoing connection. If you think you need to, there is a very good chance you have a fundamental misunderstanding somewhere. Local ports do NOT need to match remote ports. In fact, they almost never do. This feature is here for networking professionals using very advanced techniques. \par
}}
{\xe \v connectToAddress:withTimeout:error:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:connectToAddress:withTimeout:error:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) connectToAddress: (NSData *) {\i remoteAddr} withTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} error: (NSError **) {\i errPtr}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This method is the same as connectToAddress:error: with an additional timeout option. To not time out use a negative time interval, or simply use the connectToAddress:error: method. \par
}}
{\xe \v connectToHost:onPort:error:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:connectToHost:onPort:error:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) connectToHost: ({\b NSString} *) {\i host} onPort: (uint16_t) {\i port} error: (NSError **) {\i errPtr}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Connects to the given host and port.\par
This method invokes connectToHost:onPort:viaInterface:withTimeout:error: and uses the default interface, and no timeout. \par
}}
{\xe \v connectToHost:onPort:viaInterface:withTimeout:error:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:connectToHost:onPort:viaInterface:withTimeout:error:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) connectToHost: ({\b NSString} *) {\i host} onPort: (uint16_t) {\i port} viaInterface: ({\b NSString} *) {\i interface} withTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} error: (NSError **) {\i errPtr}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABIZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABIZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Connects to the given host & port, via the optional interface, with an optional timeout.\par
The host may be a domain name (e.g. "deusty.com") or an IP address string (e.g. "192.168.0.2"). The host may also be the special strings "localhost" or "loopback" to specify connecting to a service on the local machine.\par
The interface may be a name (e.g. "en1" or "lo0") or the corresponding IP address (e.g. "192.168.4.35"). The interface may also be used to specify the local port (see below).\par
To not time out use a negative time interval.\par
This method will return NO if an error is detected, and set the error pointer (if one was given). Possible errors would be a nil host, invalid interface, or socket is already connected.\par
If no errors are detected, this method will start a background connect operation and immediately return YES. The delegate callbacks are used to notify you when the socket connects, or if the host was unreachable.\par
Since this class supports queued reads and writes, you can immediately start reading and/or writing. All read/write operations will be queued, and upon socket connection, the operations will be dequeued and processed in order.\par
The interface may optionally contain a port number at the end of the string, separated by a colon. This allows you to specify the local port that should be used for the outgoing connection. (read paragraph to end) To specify both interface and local port: "en1:8082" or "192.168.4.35:2424". To specify only local port: ":8082". Please note this is an advanced feature, and is somewhat hidden on purpose. You should understand that 99.999% of the time you should NOT specify the local port for an outgoing connection. If you think you need to, there is a very good chance you have a fundamental misunderstanding somewhere. Local ports do NOT need to match remote ports. In fact, they almost never do. This feature is here for networking professionals using very advanced techniques. \par
}}
{\xe \v connectToHost:onPort:withTimeout:error:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:connectToHost:onPort:withTimeout:error:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) connectToHost: ({\b NSString} *) {\i host} onPort: (uint16_t) {\i port} withTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} error: (NSError **) {\i errPtr}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Connects to the given host and port with an optional timeout.\par
This method invokes connectToHost:onPort:viaInterface:withTimeout:error: and uses the default interface. \par
}}
{\xe \v CRLFData\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:CRLFData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (NSData *) CRLFData }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A few common line separators, for use with the readDataToData:... methods. \par
}}
{\xe \v disconnect\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:disconnect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) disconnect }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disconnects immediately (synchronously). Any pending reads or writes are dropped.\par
If the socket is not already disconnected, an invocation to the socketDidDisconnect:withError: delegate method will be queued onto the delegateQueue asynchronously (behind any previously queued delegate methods). In other words, the disconnected delegate method will be invoked sometime shortly after this method returns.\par
Please note the recommended way of releasing a {\b GCDAsyncSocket} instance (e.g. in a dealloc method) [asyncSocket setDelegate:nil]; [asyncSocket disconnect]; [asyncSocket release];\par
If you plan on disconnecting the socket, and then immediately asking it to connect again, you'll likely want to do so like this: [asyncSocket setDelegate:nil]; [asyncSocket disconnect]; [asyncSocket setDelegate:self]; [asyncSocket connect...]; \par
}}
{\xe \v disconnectAfterReading\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:disconnectAfterReading}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) disconnectAfterReading }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disconnects after all pending reads have completed. After calling this, the read and write methods will do nothing. The socket will disconnect even if there are still pending writes. \par
}}
{\xe \v disconnectAfterReadingAndWriting\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:disconnectAfterReadingAndWriting}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) disconnectAfterReadingAndWriting }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disconnects after all pending reads and writes have completed. After calling this, the read and write methods will do nothing. \par
}}
{\xe \v disconnectAfterWriting\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:disconnectAfterWriting}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) disconnectAfterWriting }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disconnects after all pending writes have completed. After calling this, the read and write methods will do nothing. The socket will disconnect even if there are still pending reads. \par
}}
{\xe \v hostFromAddress:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:hostFromAddress:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ ({\b NSString} *) hostFromAddress: (NSData *) {\i address}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Extracting host and port information from raw address data. \par
}}
{\xe \v init\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) init }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b GCDAsyncSocket} uses the standard delegate paradigm, but executes all delegate callbacks on a given delegate dispatch queue. This allows for maximum concurrency, while at the same time providing easy thread safety.\par
You MUST set a delegate AND delegate dispatch queue before attempting to use the socket, or you will get an error.\par
The socket queue is optional. If you pass NULL, {\b GCDAsyncSocket} will automatically create it's own socket queue. If you choose to provide a socket queue, the socket queue must not be a concurrent queue.\par
The delegate queue and socket queue can optionally be the same. \par
}}
{\xe \v isDisconnected\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:isDisconnected}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) isDisconnected }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns whether the socket is disconnected or connected.\par
A disconnected socket may be recycled. That is, it can used again for connecting or listening.\par
If a socket is in the process of connecting, it may be neither disconnected nor connected. \par
}}
{\xe \v isIPv4\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:isIPv4}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) isIPv4 }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns whether the socket is IPv4 or IPv6. An accepting socket may be both. \par
}}
{\xe \v isIPv4Enabled\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:isIPv4Enabled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) isIPv4Enabled }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
By default, both IPv4 and IPv6 are enabled.\par
For accepting incoming connections, this means {\b GCDAsyncSocket} automatically supports both protocols, and can simulataneously accept incoming connections on either protocol.\par
For outgoing connections, this means {\b GCDAsyncSocket} can connect to remote hosts running either protocol. If a DNS lookup returns only IPv4 results, {\b GCDAsyncSocket} will automatically use IPv4. If a DNS lookup returns only IPv6 results, {\b GCDAsyncSocket} will automatically use IPv6. If a DNS lookup returns both IPv4 and IPv6 results, the preferred protocol will be chosen. By default, the preferred protocol is IPv4, but may be configured as desired. \par
}}
{\xe \v isSecure\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:isSecure}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) isSecure }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns whether or not the socket has been secured via SSL/TLS.\par
See also the startTLS method. \par
}}
{\xe \v performBlock:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:performBlock:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) performBlock: (dispatch_block_t) {\i block}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
It's not thread-safe to access certain variables from outside the socket's internal queue.\par
For example, the socket file descriptor. File descriptors are simply integers which reference an index in the per-process file table. However, when one requests a new file descriptor (by opening a file or socket), the file descriptor returned is guaranteed to be the lowest numbered unused descriptor. So if we're not careful, the following could be possible:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Thread A invokes a method which returns the socket's file descriptor.\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
The socket is closed via the socket's internal queue on thread B.\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Thread C opens a file, and subsequently receives the file descriptor that was previously the socket's FD.\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Thread A is now accessing/altering the file instead of the socket.\par}
In addition to this, other variables are not actually objects, and thus cannot be retained/released or even autoreleased. An example is the sslContext, of type SSLContextRef, which is actually a malloc'd struct.\par
Although there are internal variables that make it difficult to maintain thread-safety, it is important to provide access to these variables to ensure this class can be used in a wide array of environments. This method helps to accomplish this by invoking the current block on the socket's internal queue. The methods below can be invoked from within the block to access those generally thread-unsafe internal variables in a thread-safe manner. The given block will be invoked synchronously on the socket's internal queue.\par
If you save references to any protected variables and use them outside the block, you do so at your own peril. \par
}}
{\xe \v progressOfReadReturningTag:bytesDone:total:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:progressOfReadReturningTag:bytesDone:total:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (float) progressOfReadReturningTag: (long *) {\i tagPtr} bytesDone: (NSUInteger *) {\i donePtr} total: (NSUInteger *) {\i totalPtr}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns progress of the current read, from 0.0 to 1.0, or NaN if no current read (use isnan() to check). The parameters "tag", "done" and "total" will be filled in if they aren't NULL. \par
}}
{\xe \v progressOfWriteReturningTag:bytesDone:total:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:progressOfWriteReturningTag:bytesDone:total:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (float) progressOfWriteReturningTag: (long *) {\i tagPtr} bytesDone: (NSUInteger *) {\i donePtr} total: (NSUInteger *) {\i totalPtr}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns progress of the current write, from 0.0 to 1.0, or NaN if no current write (use isnan() to check). The parameters "tag", "done" and "total" will be filled in if they aren't NULL. \par
}}
{\xe \v readDataToData:withTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:maxLength:tag:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:readDataToData:withTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:maxLength:tag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) readDataToData: (NSData *) {\i data} withTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} buffer: (NSMutableData *) {\i buffer} bufferOffset: (NSUInteger) {\i offset} maxLength: (NSUInteger) {\i length} tag: (long) {\i tag}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads bytes until (and including) the passed "data" parameter, which acts as a separator. The bytes will be appended to the given byte buffer starting at the given offset. The given buffer will automatically be increased in size if needed.\par
If the timeout value is negative, the read operation will not use a timeout. If the buffer if nil, a buffer will automatically be created for you.\par
If maxLength is zero, no length restriction is enforced. Otherwise if maxLength bytes are read without completing the read, it is treated similarly to a timeout - the socket is closed with a GCDAsyncSocketReadMaxedOutError. The read will complete successfully if exactly maxLength bytes are read and the given data is found at the end.\par
If you pass a maxLength parameter that is less than the length of the data (separator) parameter, the method will do nothing (except maybe print a warning), and the delegate will not be called. If the bufferOffset is greater than the length of the given buffer, the method will do nothing (except maybe print a warning), and the delegate will not be called.\par
If you pass a buffer, you must not alter it in any way while the socket is using it. After completion, the data returned in socket:didReadData:withTag: will be a subset of the given buffer. That is, it will reference the bytes that were appended to the given buffer via the method [NSData dataWithBytesNoCopy:length:freeWhenDone:NO].\par
To read a line from the socket, use the line separator (e.g. CRLF for HTTP, see below) as the "data" parameter. If you're developing your own custom protocol, be sure your separator can not occur naturally as part of the data between separators. For example, imagine you want to send several small documents over a socket. Using CRLF as a separator is likely unwise, as a CRLF could easily exist within the documents. In this particular example, it would be better to use a protocol similar to HTTP with a header that includes the length of the document. Also be careful that your separator cannot occur naturally as part of the encoding for a character.\par
The given data (separator) parameter should be immutable. For performance reasons, the socket will retain it, not copy it. So if it is immutable, don't modify it while the socket is using it. \par
}}
{\xe \v readDataToData:withTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:tag:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:readDataToData:withTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:tag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) readDataToData: (NSData *) {\i data} withTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} buffer: (NSMutableData *) {\i buffer} bufferOffset: (NSUInteger) {\i offset} tag: (long) {\i tag}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads bytes until (and including) the passed "data" parameter, which acts as a separator. The bytes will be appended to the given byte buffer starting at the given offset. The given buffer will automatically be increased in size if needed.\par
If the timeout value is negative, the read operation will not use a timeout. If the buffer if nil, a buffer will automatically be created for you.\par
If the bufferOffset is greater than the length of the given buffer, the method will do nothing (except maybe print a warning), and the delegate will not be called.\par
If you pass a buffer, you must not alter it in any way while the socket is using it. After completion, the data returned in socket:didReadData:withTag: will be a subset of the given buffer. That is, it will reference the bytes that were appended to the given buffer via the method [NSData dataWithBytesNoCopy:length:freeWhenDone:NO].\par
To read a line from the socket, use the line separator (e.g. CRLF for HTTP, see below) as the "data" parameter. If you're developing your own custom protocol, be sure your separator can not occur naturally as part of the data between separators. For example, imagine you want to send several small documents over a socket. Using CRLF as a separator is likely unwise, as a CRLF could easily exist within the documents. In this particular example, it would be better to use a protocol similar to HTTP with a header that includes the length of the document. Also be careful that your separator cannot occur naturally as part of the encoding for a character.\par
The given data (separator) parameter should be immutable. For performance reasons, the socket will retain it, not copy it. So if it is immutable, don't modify it while the socket is using it. \par
}}
{\xe \v readDataToData:withTimeout:maxLength:tag:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:readDataToData:withTimeout:maxLength:tag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) readDataToData: (NSData *) {\i data} withTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} maxLength: (NSUInteger) {\i length} tag: (long) {\i tag}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads bytes until (and including) the passed "data" parameter, which acts as a separator.\par
If the timeout value is negative, the read operation will not use a timeout.\par
If maxLength is zero, no length restriction is enforced. Otherwise if maxLength bytes are read without completing the read, it is treated similarly to a timeout - the socket is closed with a GCDAsyncSocketReadMaxedOutError. The read will complete successfully if exactly maxLength bytes are read and the given data is found at the end.\par
If you pass nil or zero-length data as the "data" parameter, the method will do nothing (except maybe print a warning), and the delegate will not be called. If you pass a maxLength parameter that is less than the length of the data parameter, the method will do nothing (except maybe print a warning), and the delegate will not be called.\par
To read a line from the socket, use the line separator (e.g. CRLF for HTTP, see below) as the "data" parameter. If you're developing your own custom protocol, be sure your separator can not occur naturally as part of the data between separators. For example, imagine you want to send several small documents over a socket. Using CRLF as a separator is likely unwise, as a CRLF could easily exist within the documents. In this particular example, it would be better to use a protocol similar to HTTP with a header that includes the length of the document. Also be careful that your separator cannot occur naturally as part of the encoding for a character.\par
The given data (separator) parameter should be immutable. For performance reasons, the socket will retain it, not copy it. So if it is immutable, don't modify it while the socket is using it. \par
}}
{\xe \v readDataToData:withTimeout:tag:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:readDataToData:withTimeout:tag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) readDataToData: (NSData *) {\i data} withTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} tag: (long) {\i tag}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads bytes until (and including) the passed "data" parameter, which acts as a separator.\par
If the timeout value is negative, the read operation will not use a timeout.\par
If you pass nil or zero-length data as the "data" parameter, the method will do nothing (except maybe print a warning), and the delegate will not be called.\par
To read a line from the socket, use the line separator (e.g. CRLF for HTTP, see below) as the "data" parameter. If you're developing your own custom protocol, be sure your separator can not occur naturally as part of the data between separators. For example, imagine you want to send several small documents over a socket. Using CRLF as a separator is likely unwise, as a CRLF could easily exist within the documents. In this particular example, it would be better to use a protocol similar to HTTP with a header that includes the length of the document. Also be careful that your separator cannot occur naturally as part of the encoding for a character.\par
The given data (separator) parameter should be immutable. For performance reasons, the socket will retain it, not copy it. So if it is immutable, don't modify it while the socket is using it. \par
}}
{\xe \v readDataToLength:withTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:tag:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:readDataToLength:withTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:tag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) readDataToLength: (NSUInteger) {\i length} withTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} buffer: (NSMutableData *) {\i buffer} bufferOffset: (NSUInteger) {\i offset} tag: (long) {\i tag}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the given number of bytes. The bytes will be appended to the given byte buffer starting at the given offset. The given buffer will automatically be increased in size if needed.\par
If the timeout value is negative, the read operation will not use a timeout. If the buffer if nil, a buffer will automatically be created for you.\par
If the length is 0, this method does nothing and the delegate is not called. If the bufferOffset is greater than the length of the given buffer, the method will do nothing, and the delegate will not be called.\par
If you pass a buffer, you must not alter it in any way while AsyncSocket is using it. After completion, the data returned in socket:didReadData:withTag: will be a subset of the given buffer. That is, it will reference the bytes that were appended to the given buffer via the method [NSData dataWithBytesNoCopy:length:freeWhenDone:NO]. \par
}}
{\xe \v readDataToLength:withTimeout:tag:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:readDataToLength:withTimeout:tag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) readDataToLength: (NSUInteger) {\i length} withTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} tag: (long) {\i tag}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the given number of bytes.\par
If the timeout value is negative, the read operation will not use a timeout.\par
If the length is 0, this method does nothing and the delegate is not called. \par
}}
{\xe \v readDataWithTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:maxLength:tag:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:readDataWithTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:maxLength:tag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) readDataWithTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} buffer: (NSMutableData *) {\i buffer} bufferOffset: (NSUInteger) {\i offset} maxLength: (NSUInteger) {\i length} tag: (long) {\i tag}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the first available bytes that become available on the socket. The bytes will be appended to the given byte buffer starting at the given offset. The given buffer will automatically be increased in size if needed. A maximum of length bytes will be read.\par
If the timeout value is negative, the read operation will not use a timeout. If the buffer if nil, a buffer will automatically be created for you. If maxLength is zero, no length restriction is enforced.\par
If the bufferOffset is greater than the length of the given buffer, the method will do nothing, and the delegate will not be called.\par
If you pass a buffer, you must not alter it in any way while the socket is using it. After completion, the data returned in socket:didReadData:withTag: will be a subset of the given buffer. That is, it will reference the bytes that were appended to the given buffer via the method [NSData dataWithBytesNoCopy:length:freeWhenDone:NO]. \par
}}
{\xe \v readDataWithTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:tag:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:readDataWithTimeout:buffer:bufferOffset:tag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) readDataWithTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} buffer: (NSMutableData *) {\i buffer} bufferOffset: (NSUInteger) {\i offset} tag: (long) {\i tag}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the first available bytes that become available on the socket. The bytes will be appended to the given byte buffer starting at the given offset. The given buffer will automatically be increased in size if needed.\par
If the timeout value is negative, the read operation will not use a timeout. If the buffer if nil, the socket will create a buffer for you.\par
If the bufferOffset is greater than the length of the given buffer, the method will do nothing, and the delegate will not be called.\par
If you pass a buffer, you must not alter it in any way while the socket is using it. After completion, the data returned in socket:didReadData:withTag: will be a subset of the given buffer. That is, it will reference the bytes that were appended to the given buffer via the method [NSData dataWithBytesNoCopy:length:freeWhenDone:NO]. \par
}}
{\xe \v readDataWithTimeout:tag:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:readDataWithTimeout:tag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) readDataWithTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} tag: (long) {\i tag}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads the first available bytes that become available on the socket.\par
If the timeout value is negative, the read operation will not use a timeout. \par
}}
{\xe \v socketFD\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:socketFD}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (int) socketFD }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
These methods are only available from within the context of a performBlock: invocation. See the documentation for the performBlock: method above.\par
Provides access to the socket's file descriptor(s). If the socket is a server socket (is accepting incoming connections), it might actually have multiple internal socket file descriptors - one for IPv4 and one for IPv6. \par
}}
{\xe \v sslContext\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:sslContext}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (SSLContextRef) sslContext }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABJZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABJZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This method is only available from within the context of a performBlock: invocation. See the documentation for the performBlock: method above.\par
Provides access to the socket's SSLContext, if SSL/TLS has been started on the socket. \par
}}
{\xe \v startTLS:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:startTLS:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) startTLS: (NSDictionary *) {\i tlsSettings}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Secures the connection using SSL/TLS.\par
This method may be called at any time, and the TLS handshake will occur after all pending reads and writes are finished. This allows one the option of sending a protocol dependent StartTLS message, and queuing the upgrade to TLS at the same time, without having to wait for the write to finish. Any reads or writes scheduled after this method is called will occur over the secured connection.\par
The possible keys and values for the TLS settings are well documented. Standard keys are:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
kCFStreamSSLLevel\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
kCFStreamSSLAllowsExpiredCertificates\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
kCFStreamSSLAllowsExpiredRoots\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
kCFStreamSSLAllowsAnyRoot\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
kCFStreamSSLValidatesCertificateChain\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
kCFStreamSSLPeerName\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
kCFStreamSSLCertificates\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
kCFStreamSSLIsServer\par}
If SecureTransport is available on iOS:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocketSSLCipherSuites\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocketSSLProtocolVersionMin\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocketSSLProtocolVersionMax\par}
If SecureTransport is available on Mac OS X:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocketSSLCipherSuites\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocketSSLDiffieHellmanParameters;\par}
Please refer to Apple's documentation for associated values, as well as other possible keys.\par
If you pass in nil or an empty dictionary, the default settings will be used.\par
The default settings will check to make sure the remote party's certificate is signed by a trusted 3rd party certificate agency (e.g. verisign) and that the certificate is not expired. However it will not verify the name on the certificate unless you give it a name to verify against via the kCFStreamSSLPeerName key. The security implications of this are important to understand. Imagine you are attempting to create a secure connection to MySecureServer.com, but your socket gets directed to MaliciousServer.com because of a hacked DNS server. If you simply use the default settings, and MaliciousServer.com has a valid certificate, the default settings will not detect any problems since the certificate is valid. To properly secure your connection in this particular scenario you should set the kCFStreamSSLPeerName property to "MySecureServer.com". If you do not know the peer name of the remote host in advance (for example, you're not sure if it will be "domain.com" or "www.domain.com"), then you can use the default settings to validate the certificate, and then use the X509Certificate class to verify the issuer after the socket has been secured. The X509Certificate class is part of the CocoaAsyncSocket open source project. \par
}}
{\xe \v userData\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:userData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) userData }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
User data allows you to associate arbitrary information with the socket. This data is not used internally by socket in any way. \par
}}
{\xe \v writeData:withTimeout:tag:\:GCDAsyncSocket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket\:writeData:withTimeout:tag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) writeData: (NSData *) {\i data} withTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout} tag: (long) {\i tag}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Writes data to the socket, and calls the delegate when finished.\par
If you pass in nil or zero-length data, this method does nothing and the delegate will not be called. If the timeout value is negative, the write operation will not use a timeout.\par
Thread-Safety Note: If the given data parameter is mutable (NSMutableData) then you MUST NOT alter the data while the socket is writing it. In other words, it's not safe to alter the data until after the delegate method socket:didWriteDataWithTag: is invoked signifying that this particular write operation has completed. This is due to the fact that {\b GCDAsyncSocket} does NOT copy the data. It simply retains it. This is for performance reasons. Often times, if NSMutableData is passed, it is because a request/response was built up in memory. Copying this data adds an unwanted/unneeded overhead. If you need to write data from an immutable buffer, and you need to alter the buffer before the socket completes writing the bytes (which is NOT immediately after this method returns, but rather at a later time when the delegate method notifies you), then you should first copy the bytes, and pass the copy to this method. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocket.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocket.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocket(Private) Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GCDAsyncSocket(Private)}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocket(Private)}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b doAccept:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b startConnectTimeout:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b endConnectTimeout}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b doConnectTimeout}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b lookup:host:port:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b lookup:didSucceedWithAddress4:address6:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b lookup:didFail:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b connectWithAddress4:address6:error:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b didConnect:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b didNotConnect:error:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b closeWithError:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b close}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b maybeClose}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSError *) - {\b badConfigError:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSError *) - {\b badParamError:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSError *) - {\b gaiError:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSError *) - {\b errnoError}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSError *) - {\b errnoErrorWithReason:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSError *) - {\b connectTimeoutError}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSError *) - {\b otherError:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b connectedHost4}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b connectedHost6}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABKZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABKZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint16_t) - {\b connectedPort4}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint16_t) - {\b connectedPort6}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b localHost4}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b localHost6}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint16_t) - {\b localPort4}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint16_t) - {\b localPort6}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b connectedHostFromSocket4:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b connectedHostFromSocket6:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint16_t) - {\b connectedPortFromSocket4:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint16_t) - {\b connectedPortFromSocket6:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b localHostFromSocket4:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b localHostFromSocket6:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint16_t) - {\b localPortFromSocket4:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint16_t) - {\b localPortFromSocket6:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b getInterfaceAddress4:address6:fromDescription:port:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setupReadAndWriteSourcesForNewlyConnectedSocket:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b suspendReadSource}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b resumeReadSource}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b suspendWriteSource}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b resumeWriteSource}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b maybeDequeueRead}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b flushSSLBuffers}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b doReadData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b doReadEOF}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b completeCurrentRead}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b endCurrentRead}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABLZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABLZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setupReadTimerWithTimeout:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b doReadTimeout}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b doReadTimeoutWithExtension:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b maybeDequeueWrite}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b doWriteData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABME}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABME}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b completeCurrentWrite}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b endCurrentWrite}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setupWriteTimerWithTimeout:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b doWriteTimeout}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b doWriteTimeoutWithExtension:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b maybeStartTLS}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b ssl_startTLS}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABML}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABML}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b ssl_continueSSLHandshake}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMM}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) + {\b hostFromSockaddr4:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) + {\b hostFromSockaddr6:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint16_t) + {\b portFromSockaddr4:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint16_t) + {\b portFromSockaddr6:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMQ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocket.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<GCDAsyncSocketDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <GCDAsyncSocketDelegate>}
{\xe \v <GCDAsyncSocketDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMR}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b ServerCore}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(dispatch_queue_t) - {\b newSocketQueueForConnectionFromAddress:onSocket:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b socket:didAcceptNewSocket:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b socket:didConnectToHost:port:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b socket:didReadData:withTag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b socket:didReadPartialDataOfLength:tag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b socket:didWriteDataWithTag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b socket:didWritePartialDataOfLength:tag:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSTimeInterval) - {\b socket:shouldTimeoutReadWithTag:elapsed:bytesDone:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSTimeInterval) - {\b socket:shouldTimeoutWriteWithTag:elapsed:bytesDone:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b socketDidCloseReadStream:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b socketDidDisconnect:withError:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b socketDidSecure:}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v newSocketQueueForConnectionFromAddress:onSocket:\:GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p\:newSocketQueueForConnectionFromAddress:onSocket:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (dispatch_queue_t) newSocketQueueForConnectionFromAddress: (NSData *) {\i address} onSocket: ({\b GCDAsyncSocket} *) {\i sock}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This method is called immediately prior to socket:didAcceptNewSocket:. It optionally allows a listening socket to specify the socketQueue for a new accepted socket. If this method is not implemented, or returns NULL, the new accepted socket will create its own default queue.\par
Since you cannot autorelease a dispatch_queue, this method uses the "new" prefix in its name to specify that the returned queue has been retained.\par
Thus you could do something like this in the implementation: return dispatch_queue_create("MyQueue", NULL);\par
If you are placing multiple sockets on the same queue, then care should be taken to increment the retain count each time this method is invoked.\par
For example, your implementation might look something like this: dispatch_retain(myExistingQueue); return myExistingQueue; \par
}}
{\xe \v socket:didAcceptNewSocket:\:GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p\:socket:didAcceptNewSocket:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) socket: ({\b GCDAsyncSocket} *) {\i sock} didAcceptNewSocket: ({\b GCDAsyncSocket} *) {\i newSocket}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when a socket accepts a connection. Another socket is automatically spawned to handle it.\par
You must retain the newSocket if you wish to handle the connection. Otherwise the newSocket instance will be released and the spawned connection will be closed.\par
By default the new socket will have the same delegate and delegateQueue. You may, of course, change this at any time. \par
}}
{\xe \v socket:didConnectToHost:port:\:GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p\:socket:didConnectToHost:port:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) socket: ({\b GCDAsyncSocket} *) {\i sock} didConnectToHost: ({\b NSString} *) {\i host} port: (uint16_t) {\i port}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when a socket connects and is ready for reading and writing. The host parameter will be an IP address, not a DNS name. \par
}}
{\xe \v socket:didReadData:withTag:\:GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p\:socket:didReadData:withTag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) socket: ({\b GCDAsyncSocket} *) {\i sock} didReadData: (NSData *) {\i data} withTag: (long) {\i tag}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when a socket has completed reading the requested data into memory. Not called if there is an error. \par
}}
{\xe \v socket:didReadPartialDataOfLength:tag:\:GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p\:socket:didReadPartialDataOfLength:tag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) socket: ({\b GCDAsyncSocket} *) {\i sock} didReadPartialDataOfLength: (NSUInteger) {\i partialLength} tag: (long) {\i tag}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when a socket has read in data, but has not yet completed the read. This would occur if using readToData: or readToLength: methods. It may be used to for things such as updating progress bars. \par
}}
{\xe \v socket:didWriteDataWithTag:\:GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p\:socket:didWriteDataWithTag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) socket: ({\b GCDAsyncSocket} *) {\i sock} didWriteDataWithTag: (long) {\i tag}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when a socket has completed writing the requested data. Not called if there is an error. \par
}}
{\xe \v socket:didWritePartialDataOfLength:tag:\:GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p\:socket:didWritePartialDataOfLength:tag:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) socket: ({\b GCDAsyncSocket} *) {\i sock} didWritePartialDataOfLength: (NSUInteger) {\i partialLength} tag: (long) {\i tag}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when a socket has written some data, but has not yet completed the entire write. It may be used to for things such as updating progress bars. \par
}}
{\xe \v socket:shouldTimeoutReadWithTag:elapsed:bytesDone:\:GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p\:socket:shouldTimeoutReadWithTag:elapsed:bytesDone:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSTimeInterval) socket: ({\b GCDAsyncSocket} *) {\i sock} shouldTimeoutReadWithTag: (long) {\i tag} elapsed: (NSTimeInterval) {\i elapsed} bytesDone: (NSUInteger) {\i length}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABMZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABMZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called if a read operation has reached its timeout without completing. This method allows you to optionally extend the timeout. If you return a positive time interval (> 0) the read's timeout will be extended by the given amount. If you don't implement this method, or return a non-positive time interval (<= 0) the read will timeout as usual.\par
The elapsed parameter is the sum of the original timeout, plus any additions previously added via this method. The length parameter is the number of bytes that have been read so far for the read operation.\par
Note that this method may be called multiple times for a single read if you return positive numbers. \par
}}
{\xe \v socket:shouldTimeoutWriteWithTag:elapsed:bytesDone:\:GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p\:socket:shouldTimeoutWriteWithTag:elapsed:bytesDone:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSTimeInterval) socket: ({\b GCDAsyncSocket} *) {\i sock} shouldTimeoutWriteWithTag: (long) {\i tag} elapsed: (NSTimeInterval) {\i elapsed} bytesDone: (NSUInteger) {\i length}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called if a write operation has reached its timeout without completing. This method allows you to optionally extend the timeout. If you return a positive time interval (> 0) the write's timeout will be extended by the given amount. If you don't implement this method, or return a non-positive time interval (<= 0) the write will timeout as usual.\par
The elapsed parameter is the sum of the original timeout, plus any additions previously added via this method. The length parameter is the number of bytes that have been written so far for the write operation.\par
Note that this method may be called multiple times for a single write if you return positive numbers. \par
}}
{\xe \v socketDidCloseReadStream:\:GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p\:socketDidCloseReadStream:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) socketDidCloseReadStream: ({\b GCDAsyncSocket} *) {\i sock}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Conditionally called if the read stream closes, but the write stream may still be writeable.\par
This delegate method is only called if autoDisconnectOnClosedReadStream has been set to NO. See the discussion on the autoDisconnectOnClosedReadStream method for more information. \par
}}
{\xe \v socketDidDisconnect:withError:\:GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p\:socketDidDisconnect:withError:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) socketDidDisconnect: ({\b GCDAsyncSocket} *) {\i sock} withError: (NSError *) {\i err}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when a socket disconnects with or without error.\par
If you call the disconnect method, and the socket wasn't already disconnected, this delegate method will be called before the disconnect method returns. \par
}}
{\xe \v socketDidSecure:\:GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocketDelegate-p\:socketDidSecure:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) socketDidSecure: ({\b GCDAsyncSocket} *) {\i sock}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABND}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABND}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called after the socket has successfully completed SSL/TLS negotiation. This method is not called unless you use the provided startTLS method.\par
If a SSL/TLS negotiation fails (invalid certificate, etc) then the socket will immediately close, and the socketDidDisconnect:withError: delegate method will be called with the specific SSL error code. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocket.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocketPreBuffer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GCDAsyncSocketPreBuffer}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSocketPreBuffer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNE}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithCapacity:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b ensureCapacityForWrite:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(size_t) - {\b availableBytes}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint8_t *) - {\b readBuffer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b getReadBuffer:availableBytes:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(size_t) - {\b availableSpace}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(uint8_t *) - {\b writeBuffer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b getWriteBuffer:availableSpace:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b didRead:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b didWrite:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b reset}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNP}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

uint8_t * {\b preBuffer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

size_t {\b preBufferSize}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

uint8_t * {\b readPointer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

uint8_t * {\b writePointer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNT}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A PreBuffer is used when there is more data available on the socket than is being requested by current read request. In this case we slurp up all data from the socket (to minimize sys calls), and store additional yet unread data in a "prebuffer".\par
The prebuffer is entirely drained before we read from the socket again. In other words, a large chunk of data is written is written to the prebuffer. The prebuffer is then drained via a series of one or more reads (for subsequent read request(s)).\par
A ring buffer was once used for this purpose. But a ring buffer takes up twice as much memory as needed (double the size for mirroring). In fact, it generally takes up more than twice the needed size as everything has to be rounded up to vm_page_size. And since the prebuffer is always completely drained after being written to, a full ring buffer isn't needed.\par
The current design is very simple and straight-forward, while also keeping memory requirements lower. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocket.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSpecialPacket Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GCDAsyncSpecialPacket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncSpecialPacket}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNU}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithTLSSettings:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNV}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSDictionary * {\b tlsSettings}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNW}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The {\b GCDAsyncSpecialPacket} encompasses special instructions for interruptions in the read/write queues. This class my be altered to support more than just TLS in the future. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocket.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GCDAsyncWritePacket Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GCDAsyncWritePacket}
{\xe \v GCDAsyncWritePacket}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNX}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithData:timeout:tag:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNY}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSData * {\b buffer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABNZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABNZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSUInteger {\b bytesDone}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

long {\b tag}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSTimeInterval {\b timeout}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOC}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The {\b GCDAsyncWritePacket} encompasses the instructions for any given write. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GCDAsyncSocket.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GenericStartViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GenericStartViewController}
{\xe \v GenericStartViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOD}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b segmentClicked:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOE}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOF}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b patientData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b stationChosen}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b RegisterPatientViewController} * {\b registerControl}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b SearchPatientViewController} * {\b searchControl}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PatientQueueViewController} * {\b queueControl}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITableView * {\b tableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIToolbar * {\b toolbar}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UISegmentedControl * {\b segmentedControl}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABON}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABON}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/GenericStartViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/GenericStartViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GenericStartViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GenericStartViewController()}
{\xe \v GenericStartViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOO}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIPopoverController * {\b pop}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOP}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/GenericStartViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHAsyncTestCase Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHAsyncTestCase}
{\xe \v GHAsyncTestCase}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOQ}
\par
{
Inherits {\b GHTestCase}.}\par
{
Inherited by {\b CurrentDiagnosisViewControllerTest}, {\b DoctorPatientViewControllerTest}, {\b PatientObjectTest}, {\b RegisterPatientViewControllerTest}, and {\b TriageViewControllerTest}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b prepare}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b prepare:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b waitForStatus:timeout:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b waitFor:timeout:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b waitForTimeout:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b notify:forSelector:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b notify:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b runForInterval:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInteger {\b waitForStatus_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInteger {\b notifiedStatus_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b prepared_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSRecursiveLock * {\b lock_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b waitSelector_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b _runLoopModes}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOW}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSArray * {\b runLoopModes}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v notify:\:GHAsyncTestCase}
{\xe \v GHAsyncTestCase\:notify:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) notify: (NSInteger) {\i status}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Notify waiting of status for any selector.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i status} \cell }{Status, for example, kGHUnitWaitStatusSuccess \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v notify:forSelector:\:GHAsyncTestCase}
{\xe \v GHAsyncTestCase\:notify:forSelector:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) {\b notify:} (NSInteger) {\i status} forSelector: (SEL) {\i selector}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Notify waiting of status for test selector.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i status} \cell }{Status, for example, kGHUnitWaitStatusSuccess \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i selector} \cell }{If not NULL, then will verify this selector is where we are waiting. This prevents stray asynchronous callbacks to fail a later test. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v prepare\:GHAsyncTestCase}
{\xe \v GHAsyncTestCase\:prepare}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) prepare }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABOZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABOZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Prepare before calling the asynchronous method. \par
}}
{\xe \v prepare:\:GHAsyncTestCase}
{\xe \v GHAsyncTestCase\:prepare:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) prepare: (SEL) {\i selector}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Prepare and specify the selector we will use in notify.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i selector} \cell }{Selector \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v runForInterval:\:GHAsyncTestCase}
{\xe \v GHAsyncTestCase\:runForInterval:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) runForInterval: (NSTimeInterval) {\i interval}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run the run loops for the specified interval.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i interval} \cell }{Interval \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Adapted from Robert Palmer, pauseForTimeout \par
}}}
{\xe \v waitFor:timeout:\:GHAsyncTestCase}
{\xe \v GHAsyncTestCase\:waitFor:timeout:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) waitFor: (NSInteger) {\i status} timeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i status} \cell }{kGHUnitWaitStatusSuccess, kGHUnitWaitStatusFailure or custom status \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i timeout} \cell }{Timeout in seconds \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Deprecated:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Use waitForTimeout: \par
}
}}
{\xe \v waitForStatus:timeout:\:GHAsyncTestCase}
{\xe \v GHAsyncTestCase\:waitForStatus:timeout:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) waitForStatus: (NSInteger) {\i status} timeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Wait for notification of status or timeout.\par
Be sure to prepare before calling your asynchronous method. For example,\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void)testFoo \{ [self prepare];\par}
Do asynchronous task here {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid   [self waitForStatus:kGHUnitWaitStatusSuccess timeout:1.0];\par
\}\par
}
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i status} \cell }{kGHUnitWaitStatusSuccess, kGHUnitWaitStatusFailure or custom status \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i timeout} \cell }{Timeout in seconds \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v waitForTimeout:\:GHAsyncTestCase}
{\xe \v GHAsyncTestCase\:waitForTimeout:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) waitForTimeout: (NSTimeInterval) {\i timeout}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Wait for timeout to occur. Fails if we did {\i NOT}  timeout.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i timeout} \cell }{Timeout \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v runLoopModes\:GHAsyncTestCase}
{\xe \v GHAsyncTestCase\:runLoopModes}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSArray*) runLoopModes{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [strong]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run loop modes to run while waiting; Defaults to NSDefaultRunLoopMode, NSRunLoopCommonModes, NSConnectionReplyMode \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHAsyncTestCase.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHImageDiffView Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHImageDiffView}
{\xe \v GHImageDiffView}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPG}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIView}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setSavedImage:renderedImage:diffImage:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b showSavedImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b showRenderedImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b showDiffImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPK}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIScrollView * {\b scrollView_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UISegmentedControl * {\b segmentedControl_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIImageView * {\b savedImageView_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIImageView * {\b renderedImageView_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIImageView * {\b diffImageView_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPP}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHImageDiffView.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHMockNSHTTPURLResponse Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHMockNSHTTPURLResponse}
{\xe \v GHMockNSHTTPURLResponse}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPQ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithStatusCode:headers:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setStatusCode:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setHeaders:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPT}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInteger {\b statusCode_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSDictionary * {\b headers_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPV}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHMockNSHTTPURLResponse.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHMockNSURLConnection Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHMockNSURLConnection}
{\xe \v GHMockNSURLConnection}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPW}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithRequest:delegate:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithRequest:delegate:startImmediately:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b scheduleInRunLoop:forMode:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABPZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABPZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b start}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b receiveResponse:afterDelay:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b receiveHTTPResponseWithStatusCode:headers:afterDelay:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b receiveData:afterDelay:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b receiveData:statusCode:MIMEType:afterDelay:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b receiveDataFromPath:afterDelay:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b finishAfterDelay:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b receiveFromPath:statusCode:MIMEType:afterDelay:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b receiveData:statusCode:MIMEType:afterDelay:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b failWithError:afterDelay:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSURLRequest * {\b request_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id {\b delegate_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b cancelled_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b started_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQE}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b started}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b cancelled}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQG}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v failWithError:afterDelay:\:GHMockNSURLConnection}
{\xe \v GHMockNSURLConnection\:failWithError:afterDelay:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) failWithError: (NSError *) {\i error} afterDelay: (NSTimeInterval) {\i afterDelay}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Calls connection:didFailWithError: on delegate after specified delay. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i error} \cell }{The error to pass to the delegate. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i afterDelay} \cell }{Delay before responding (if < 0, there is no delay) \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v finishAfterDelay:\:GHMockNSURLConnection}
{\xe \v GHMockNSURLConnection\:finishAfterDelay:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) finishAfterDelay: (NSTimeInterval) {\i delay}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Calls connectionDidFinish: delegate after delay. (For asynchronous requests) {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i delay} \cell }{Delay in seconds (if < 0, there is no delay) \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v receiveData:afterDelay:\:GHMockNSURLConnection}
{\xe \v GHMockNSURLConnection\:receiveData:afterDelay:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) receiveData: (NSData *) {\i data} afterDelay: (NSTimeInterval) {\i afterDelay}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Send data to connection delegate after delay. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{Data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i afterDelay} \cell }{Delay in seconds \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v receiveData:statusCode:MIMEType:afterDelay:\:GHMockNSURLConnection}
{\xe \v GHMockNSURLConnection\:receiveData:statusCode:MIMEType:afterDelay:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) receiveData: (NSData *) {\i data} statusCode: (NSInteger) {\i statusCode} MIMEType: ({\b NSString} *) {\i MIMEType} afterDelay: (NSTimeInterval) {\i afterDelay}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Send data to connection delegate. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{Data to send \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i statusCode} \cell }{HTTP status code \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i MIMEType} \cell }{Mime type \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i afterDelay} \cell }{Delay \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v receiveData:statusCode:MIMEType:afterDelay:\:GHMockNSURLConnection}
{\xe \v GHMockNSURLConnection\:receiveData:statusCode:MIMEType:afterDelay:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) receiveData: (NSData *) {\i data} statusCode: (NSInteger) {\i statusCode} MIMEType: ({\b NSString} *) {\i MIMEType} afterDelay: (NSTimeInterval) {\i afterDelay}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends mock response, sends data, and then calls finish. (For asynchronous requests) {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i data} \cell }{Data to load. File should be available in Test target (bundle) \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i statusCode} \cell }{Status code for response \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i MIMEType} \cell }{Content type for response header \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i afterDelay} \cell }{Delay before responding (if < 0, there is no delay) \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v receiveDataFromPath:afterDelay:\:GHMockNSURLConnection}
{\xe \v GHMockNSURLConnection\:receiveDataFromPath:afterDelay:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) receiveDataFromPath: ({\b NSString} *) {\i path} afterDelay: (NSTimeInterval) {\i afterDelay}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Send data (from file in bundle resource) to connection delegate after delay. (For asynchronous requests) {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i path} \cell }{Path to file \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i afterDelay} \cell }{Delay in seconds \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v receiveFromPath:statusCode:MIMEType:afterDelay:\:GHMockNSURLConnection}
{\xe \v GHMockNSURLConnection\:receiveFromPath:statusCode:MIMEType:afterDelay:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) receiveFromPath: ({\b NSString} *) {\i path} statusCode: (NSInteger) {\i statusCode} MIMEType: ({\b NSString} *) {\i MIMEType} afterDelay: (NSTimeInterval) {\i afterDelay}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends mock response, sends data, and then calls finish. (For asynchronous requests) {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i path} \cell }{Path to load data from. File should be available in Test target (bundle) \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i statusCode} \cell }{Status code for response \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i MIMEType} \cell }{Content type for response header \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i afterDelay} \cell }{Delay before responding (if < 0, there is no delay) \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v receiveHTTPResponseWithStatusCode:headers:afterDelay:\:GHMockNSURLConnection}
{\xe \v GHMockNSURLConnection\:receiveHTTPResponseWithStatusCode:headers:afterDelay:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) receiveHTTPResponseWithStatusCode: (int) {\i statusCode} headers: (NSDictionary *) {\i headers} afterDelay: (NSTimeInterval) {\i afterDelay}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Send HTTP response to delegate with status code, headers, after delay. This is only the HTTP response (and not data or finished). (For asynchronous requests) {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i statusCode} \cell }{HTTP status code \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i headers} \cell }{Headers \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i afterDelay} \cell }{Delay in seconds (if < 0, there is no delay) \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v receiveResponse:afterDelay:\:GHMockNSURLConnection}
{\xe \v GHMockNSURLConnection\:receiveResponse:afterDelay:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) receiveResponse: (NSURLResponse *) {\i response} afterDelay: (NSTimeInterval) {\i afterDelay}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Send generic response to delegate after delay. (For asynchronous requests) {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i response} \cell }{Response \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i afterDelay} \cell }{Delay in seconds (if < 0, there is no delay) \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHMockNSURLConnection.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHNSURLConnectionMockTest Interface Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHNSURLConnectionMockTest}
{\xe \v GHNSURLConnectionMockTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQP}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
NSURLConnection for mocking.\par
Use with {\b GHAsyncTestCase} to mock out connections. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid      @end\par
\par
@implementation GHNSURLConnectionMockTest\par
\par
- (void)testMock \{\par
  [self prepare];\par
  GHMockNSURLConnection *connection = [[GHMockNSURLConnection alloc] initWithRequest:nil delegate:self];   \par
  [connection receiveHTTPResponseWithStatusCode:204 headers:testHeaders_ afterDelay:0.1];\par
  [connection receiveData:testData_ afterDelay:0.2];\par
  [connection finishAfterDelay:0.3];\par
  [self waitForStatus:kGHUnitWaitStatusSuccess timeout:1.0];\par
\}\par
\par
- (void)connection:(NSURLConnection *)connection didReceiveResponse:(NSURLResponse *)response \{\par
  GHAssertEquals([(NSHTTPURLResponse *)response statusCode], 204, nil);\par
  GHAssertEqualObjects([(NSHTTPURLResponse *)response allHeaderFields], testHeaders_, nil);\par
\}\par
\par
- (void)connection:(NSURLConnection *)connection didReceiveData:(NSData *)data \{\par
  GHAssertEqualObjects(data, testData_, nil);\par
\}\par
\par
- (void)connectionDidFinishLoading:(NSURLConnection *)connection \{\par
  [self notify:kGHUnitWaitStatusSuccess forSelector:@selector(testMock)];\par
\}\par
@end}
 \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this interface was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHMockNSURLConnection.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHTest}
{\xe \v GHTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQQ}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <GHTest.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}, {\b <GHTest>}, and {\b <GHTestCaseLogWriter>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b initWithIdentifier:name:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b initWithTarget:selector:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) + {\b testWithTarget:selector:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id {\b target_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b selector_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b identifier_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b name_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

GHTestStatus {\b status_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSTimeInterval {\b interval_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b disabled_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b hidden_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSException * {\b exception_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABQZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABQZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableArray * {\b log_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRA}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id {\b target}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b selector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b log}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRD}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Default test implementation with a target/selector pair.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Tests a target and selector\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Notifies a test delegate\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Keeps track of status, running time and failures\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Stores any test specific logging \par}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v initWithIdentifier:name:\:GHTest}
{\xe \v GHTest\:initWithIdentifier:name:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) initWithIdentifier: ({\b NSString} *) {\i identifier} name: ({\b NSString} *) {\i name}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create test with identifier, name. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i identifier} \cell }{Unique identifier \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{Name \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v initWithTarget:selector:\:GHTest}
{\xe \v GHTest\:initWithTarget:selector:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) initWithTarget: (id) {\i target} selector: (SEL) {\i selector}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create test with target/selector. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i target} \cell }{Target (usually a test case) \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i selector} \cell }{Selector (usually a test method) \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v testWithTarget:selector:\:GHTest}
{\xe \v GHTest\:testWithTarget:selector:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (id) testWithTarget: (id) {\i target} selector: (SEL) {\i selector}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create autoreleased test with target/selector. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i target} \cell }{Target (usually a test case) \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i selector} \cell }{Selector (usually a test method) \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHTest.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<GHTest> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <GHTest>}
{\xe \v <GHTest>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRH}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <GHTest.h>}}\par
{
Inherited by {\b GHTest}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b run:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSArray *) - {\b log}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b reset}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b cancel}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSInteger) - {\b disabledCount}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b NSString} * {\b identifier}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b NSString} * {\b name}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSTimeInterval {\b interval}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
GHTestStatus {\b status}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GHTestStats} {\b stats}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSException * {\b exception}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BOOL {\b disabled}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BOOL {\b hidden}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
id< {\b GHTestDelegate} > {\b delegate}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The base interface for a runnable test.\par
A runnable with a unique identifier, display name, stats, timer, delegate, log and error handling. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v cancel\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:cancel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) cancel }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Cancel the test. \par
}}
{\xe \v disabledCount\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:disabledCount}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSInteger) disabledCount }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid The number of disabled tests \par
}}}
{\xe \v log\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:log}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSArray *) log }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Messages logged during this test run \par
}}}
{\xe \v reset\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:reset}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) reset }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reset the test. \par
}}
{\xe \v run:\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:run:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) run: (GHTestOptions) {\i options}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run the test. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i options} \cell }{Options \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v delegate\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:delegate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id<{\b GHTestDelegate}>) delegate{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Delegate for test. \par
}}
{\xe \v disabled\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:disabled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) disabled{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Whether test is disabled. \par
}}
{\xe \v exception\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:exception}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSException*) exception{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [retain]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Exception that occurred. \par
}}
{\xe \v hidden\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:hidden}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) hidden{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Whether test is hidden. \par
}}
{\xe \v identifier\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:identifier}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b NSString}*) identifier{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Unique identifier for test. \par
}}
{\xe \v interval\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:interval}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSTimeInterval) interval{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
How long the test took to run. Defaults to -1, if not run. \par
}}
{\xe \v name\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:name}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b NSString}*) name{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Name (readable) for test. \par
}}
{\xe \v stats\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:stats}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b GHTestStats}) stats{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test stats. \par
}}
{\xe \v status\:GHTest-p}
{\xe \v GHTest-p\:status}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (GHTestStatus) status{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test status. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHTest.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHTestCase Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHTestCase}
{\xe \v GHTestCase}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRW}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
{
Inherited by {\b BaseObjectTest}, {\b GHAsyncTestCase}, and {\b GHViewTestCase}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setUp}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRX}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run before each test method. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b tearDown}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRY}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run after each test method. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b failWithException:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b setUpClass}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b tearDownClass}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b shouldRunOnMainThread}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b handleException:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b log:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b isCLIDisabled}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b GHTestCaseLogWriter} >\par
 __unsafe_unretained {\b logWriter_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABRZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABRZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b currentSelector_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSA}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

SEL {\b currentSelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSB}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The current test selector. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b GHTestCaseLogWriter} > {\b logWriter}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSC}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v failWithException:\:GHTestCase}
{\xe \v GHTestCase\:failWithException:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) failWithException: (NSException *) {\i exception}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
By default exceptions are raised, causing a test failure\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i exception} \cell }{Exception that was raised by test \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v handleException:\:GHTestCase}
{\xe \v GHTestCase\:handleException:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) handleException: (NSException *) {\i exception}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Any special handling of exceptions after they are thrown; By default logs stack trace to standard out. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i exception} \cell }{Exception \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v isCLIDisabled\:GHTestCase}
{\xe \v GHTestCase\:isCLIDisabled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) isCLIDisabled }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Whether the test class should be run as a part of command line tests. By default this is NO. Subclasses can override this method to disable test classes that are problematic at the command line.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid YES if this test class is disabled for command line tests \par
}}}
{\xe \v log:\:GHTestCase}
{\xe \v GHTestCase\:log:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) log: ({\b NSString} *) {\i message}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Log a message, which notifies the log delegate. This is not meant to be used directly, see GHTestLog(...) macro.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i message} \cell }{Message to log \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setUpClass\:GHTestCase}
{\xe \v GHTestCase\:setUpClass}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) setUpClass }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run before the tests (once per test case). \par
}}
{\xe \v shouldRunOnMainThread\:GHTestCase}
{\xe \v GHTestCase\:shouldRunOnMainThread}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) shouldRunOnMainThread }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Whether to run the tests on a separate thread. Override this method in your test case to override the default. Default is NO, tests are run on a separate thread by default.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid If YES, the test will run on the main thread \par
}}}
{\xe \v tearDownClass\:GHTestCase}
{\xe \v GHTestCase\:tearDownClass}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) tearDownClass }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Run after the tests (once per test case). \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHTestCase.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<GHTestCaseLogWriter> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <GHTestCaseLogWriter>}
{\xe \v <GHTestCaseLogWriter>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSK}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <GHTest.h>}}\par
{
Inherited by {\b GHTest}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b log:testCase:}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Delegate which is notified of log messages from inside a test case. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v log:testCase:\:GHTestCaseLogWriter-p}
{\xe \v GHTestCaseLogWriter-p\:log:testCase:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) log: ({\b NSString} *) {\i message} testCase: (id) {\i testCase}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Log message. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i message} \cell }{Message \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i testCase} \cell }{Test case \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHTest.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<GHTestDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <GHTestDelegate>}
{\xe \v <GHTestDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSM}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <GHTest.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b testDidStart:source:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b testDidUpdate:source:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b testDidEnd:source:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b test:didLog:source:}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test delegate for notification when a test starts and ends. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v test:didLog:source:\:GHTestDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GHTestDelegate-p\:test:didLog:source:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) test: (id< {\b GHTest} >) {\i test} didLog: ({\b NSString} *) {\i didLog} source: (id< {\b GHTest} >) {\i source}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test logged a message. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i test} \cell }{Test \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i didLog} \cell }{Message \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source} \cell }{If tests are nested, than source corresponds to the originator of the delegate call \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v testDidEnd:source:\:GHTestDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GHTestDelegate-p\:testDidEnd:source:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) testDidEnd: (id< {\b GHTest} >) {\i test} source: (id< {\b GHTest} >) {\i source}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test ended. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i test} \cell }{Test \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source} \cell }{If tests are nested, than source corresponds to the originator of the delegate call \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v testDidStart:source:\:GHTestDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GHTestDelegate-p\:testDidStart:source:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) testDidStart: (id< {\b GHTest} >) {\i test} source: (id< {\b GHTest} >) {\i source}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test started. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i test} \cell }{Test \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source} \cell }{If tests are nested, than source corresponds to the originator of the delegate call \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v testDidUpdate:source:\:GHTestDelegate-p}
{\xe \v GHTestDelegate-p\:testDidUpdate:source:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) testDidUpdate: (id< {\b GHTest} >) {\i test} source: (id< {\b GHTest} >) {\i source}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test updated. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i test} \cell }{Test \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source} \cell }{If tests are nested, than source corresponds to the originator of the delegate call \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHTest.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHTestOperation Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHTestOperation}
{\xe \v GHTestOperation}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSR}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <GHTestOperation.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b initWithTest:options:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b GHTest} > {\b test_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

GHTestOptions {\b options_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABST}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABST}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test for running in the context of an NSOperationQueue. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v initWithTest:options:\:GHTestOperation}
{\xe \v GHTestOperation\:initWithTest:options:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) initWithTest: (id< {\b GHTest} >) {\i test} options: (GHTestOptions) {\i options}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Create operation that wraps a {\b GHTest} instance. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i test} \cell }{Test \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i options} \cell }{Options \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHTestOperation.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHTestStats Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHTestStats}
{\xe \v GHTestStats}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSV}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <GHTest.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInteger {\b succeedCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInteger {\b failureCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInteger {\b cancelCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInteger {\b testCount}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABSZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABSZ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test stats. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHTest.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHUIImageViewControl Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHUIImageViewControl}
{\xe \v GHUIImageViewControl}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTA}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithFrame:image:highlightedImage:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTB}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIImageView * {\b _imageView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTC}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIImageView * {\b imageView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UIImage} * {\b image}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTE}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHUIImageViewControl.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHUnitIOSAppDelegate Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHUnitIOSAppDelegate}
{\xe \v GHUnitIOSAppDelegate}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTF}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <GHUnitIOSAppDelegate.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
{
Inherited by {\b GHUnitIPhoneAppDelegate}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIWindow * {\b window_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UINavigationController * {\b navigationController_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTH}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Application delegate for the iOS test application. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHUnitIOSAppDelegate.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHUnitIOSTableViewDataSource Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHUnitIOSTableViewDataSource}
{\xe \v GHUnitIOSTableViewDataSource}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTI}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(GHTestNode *) - {\b nodeForIndexPath:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setSelectedForAllNodes:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTK}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHUnitIOSTableViewDataSource.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHUnitIOSTestView Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHUnitIOSTestView}
{\xe \v GHUnitIOSTestView}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTL}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setSavedImage:renderedImage:text:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setText:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTN}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b GHUnitIOSTestViewDelegate} >\par
 __unsafe_unretained {\b controlDelegate_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b GHUIImageViewControl} * {\b savedImageView_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b GHUIImageViewControl} * {\b renderedImageView_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIButton * {\b approveButton_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UILabel} * {\b textLabel_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTS}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b GHUnitIOSTestViewDelegate} > {\b controlDelegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTT}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHUnitIOSTestView.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHUnitIOSTestViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHUnitIOSTestViewController}
{\xe \v GHUnitIOSTestViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTU}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}, and {\b <GHUnitIOSTestViewDelegate>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setTest:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTV}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b GHUnitIOSTestView} * {\b testView_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b GHImageDiffView} * {\b imageDiffView_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

GHTestNode * {\b testNode_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

GHTestRunner * {\b runner_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABTZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABTZ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHUnitIOSTestViewController.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<GHUnitIOSTestViewDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <GHUnitIOSTestViewDelegate>}
{\xe \v <GHUnitIOSTestViewDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUA}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b GHUnitIOSTestViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b testViewDidSelectSavedImage:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b testViewDidSelectRenderedImage:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b testViewDidApproveChange:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUD}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHUnitIOSTestView.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHUnitIOSView Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHUnitIOSView}
{\xe \v GHUnitIOSView}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUE}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIView}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UISearchBar * {\b searchBar_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UITableView * {\b tableView_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UILabel} * {\b statusLabel_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUH}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Status label at bottom of the view. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UISegmentedControl * {\b filterControl_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIToolbar * {\b runToolbar_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UIView} * {\b footerView_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUK}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UILabel} * {\b statusLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UISegmentedControl * {\b filterControl}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UISearchBar * {\b searchBar}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UITableView * {\b tableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUO}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHUnitIOSView.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHUnitIOSViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHUnitIOSViewController}
{\xe \v GHUnitIOSViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUP}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b reloadTest:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b scrollToTest:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b scrollToBottom}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setStatusText:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b runTests}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b cancel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b reload}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b loadDefaults}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b saveDefaults}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b GHUnitIOSTableViewDataSource} *) - {\b dataSource}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABUZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABUZ}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b GHUnitIOSView} * {\b view_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b GHUnitIOSTableViewDataSource} * {\b dataSource_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

GHTestSuite * {\b suite_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIBarButtonItem * {\b runButton_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b userDidDrag_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVE}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

GHTestSuite * {\b suite}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVF}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHUnitIOSViewController.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHUnitIPhoneAppDelegate Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHUnitIPhoneAppDelegate}
{\xe \v GHUnitIPhoneAppDelegate}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVG}
\par
{
Inherits {\b GHUnitIOSAppDelegate}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHUnitIPhoneAppDelegate.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GHViewTestCase Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GHViewTestCase}
{\xe \v GHViewTestCase}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVH}
\par
{
Inherits {\b GHTestCase}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(CGSize) - {\b sizeForView:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b verifyView:filename:lineNumber:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) + {\b clearTestImages}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
({\b UIImage} *) + {\b imageWithView:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) + {\b saveApprovedViewTestImage:filename:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInteger {\b imageVerifyCount_}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVI}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v clearTestImages\:GHViewTestCase}
{\xe \v GHViewTestCase\:clearTestImages}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (void) clearTestImages }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Clear all test images in the documents directory. \par
}}
{\xe \v imageWithView:\:GHViewTestCase}
{\xe \v GHViewTestCase\:imageWithView:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ ({\b UIImage} *) imageWithView: ({\b UIView} *) {\i view}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates a {\b UIImage} from the passed in view. This can be useful for testing views that require images.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i view} \cell }{{\b UIView} to render \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b UIImage} of the rendered {\b UIView} \par
}}}
{\xe \v saveApprovedViewTestImage:filename:\:GHViewTestCase}
{\xe \v GHViewTestCase\:saveApprovedViewTestImage:filename:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (void) saveApprovedViewTestImage: ({\b UIImage} *) {\i image} filename: ({\b NSString} *) {\i filename}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Save an approved view test image to the view test images directory.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i image} \cell }{Image to save \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i filename} \cell }{Filename for the saved image \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v sizeForView:\:GHViewTestCase}
{\xe \v GHViewTestCase\:sizeForView:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (CGSize) sizeForView: ({\b UIView} *) {\i view}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Size for a given view. Subclasses can override this to provide custom sizes for views before rendering. The default implementation returns contentSize for scrollviews and returns self.frame.size for all other views.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i view} \cell }{View for which to calculate the size \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Size at which the view should be rendered \par
}}}
{\xe \v verifyView:filename:lineNumber:\:GHViewTestCase}
{\xe \v GHViewTestCase\:verifyView:filename:lineNumber:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) verifyView: ({\b UIView} *) {\i view} filename: ({\b NSString} *) {\i filename} lineNumber: (int) {\i lineNumber}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called from the GHVerifyView macro. This method should not be called manually. Verifies that a view hasn't changed since the last time it was approved. Raises a GHViewChangeException if the view has changed. Raises a GHViewUnavailableException if there is no image from a previous run.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i view} \cell }{View to verify \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i filename} \cell }{Filename of the call to GHVerifyView \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lineNumber} \cell }{Line number of the call to GHVerifyView \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHViewTestCase.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
HTTPCore Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v HTTPCore}
{\xe \v HTTPCore}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVO}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
{
Inherited by {\b ServerCore}, and {\b ServerWrapper}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b grabURLInBackground:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVP}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
HTTPCore.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
HTTPCore.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
LoginViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v LoginViewController}
{\xe \v LoginViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVQ}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(IBAction) - {\b loginButton:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b move:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVR}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UserObject} * {\b user}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b usernameTextField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b passwordTextField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVU}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v loginButton:\:LoginViewController}
{\xe \v LoginViewController\:loginButton:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (IBAction) loginButton: (id) {\i sender}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This will should HUD in tableview to show alert the user that the system is working\par
This will remove the HUD since the search is complete \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/LoginViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/LoginViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
LoginViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v LoginViewController()}
{\xe \v LoginViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVW}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/LoginViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MBProgressHUD Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVX}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <MBProgressHUD.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b UIView}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b show:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b hide:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b hide:afterDelay:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b showWhileExecuting:onTarget:withObject:animated:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b initWithWindow:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b initWithView:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
({\b MBProgressHUD} *) + {\b showHUDAddedTo:animated:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) + {\b hideHUDForView:animated:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSUInteger) + {\b hideAllHUDsForView:animated:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
({\b MBProgressHUD} *) + {\b HUDForView:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSArray *) + {\b allHUDsForView:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MBProgressHUDMode {\b mode}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MBProgressHUDAnimation {\b animationType}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b UIView} * {\b customView}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
id< {\b MBProgressHUDDelegate} > {\b delegate}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b NSString} * {\b labelText}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b NSString} * {\b detailsLabelText}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b opacity}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b xOffset}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b yOffset}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b margin}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BOOL {\b dimBackground}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

float {\b graceTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b minShowTime}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BOOL {\b taskInProgress}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BOOL {\b removeFromSuperViewOnHide}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UIFont * {\b labelFont}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UIFont * {\b detailsLabelFont}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b progress}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
CGSize {\b minSize}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BOOL {\b square}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Displays a simple HUD window containing a progress indicator and two optional labels for short messages.\par
This is a simple drop-in class for displaying a progress HUD view similar to Apple's private UIProgressHUD class. The {\b MBProgressHUD} window spans over the entire space given to it by the initWithFrame constructor and catches all user input on this region, thereby preventing the user operations on components below the view. The HUD itself is drawn centered as a rounded semi-transparent view which resizes depending on the user specified content.\par
This view supports four modes of operation:{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MBProgressHUDModeIndeterminate - shows a UIActivityIndicatorView\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MBProgressHUDModeDeterminate - shows a custom round progress indicator\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MBProgressHUDModeAnnularDeterminate - shows a custom annular progress indicator\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MBProgressHUDModeCustomView - shows an arbitrary, user specified view (\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
See also:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b customView})\par
}All three modes can have optional labels assigned:\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
If the labelText property is set and non-empty then a label containing the provided content is placed below the indicator view.\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
If also the detailsLabelText property is set then another label is placed below the first label. \par}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v allHUDsForView:\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:allHUDsForView:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (NSArray *) allHUDsForView: ({\b UIView} *) {\i view}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABVZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABVZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Finds all HUD subviews and returns them.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i view} \cell }{The view that is going to be searched. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid All found HUD views (array of {\b MBProgressHUD} objects). \par
}}}
{\xe \v hide:\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:hide:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) hide: (BOOL) {\i animated}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Hide the HUD. This still calls the hudWasHidden: delegate. This is the counterpart of the show: method. Use it to hide the HUD when your task completes.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i animated} \cell }{If set to YES the HUD will disappear using the current animationType. If set to NO the HUD will not use animations while disappearing.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
See also:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b animationType} \par
}}}
{\xe \v hide:afterDelay:\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:hide:afterDelay:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) {\b hide:} (BOOL) {\i animated} afterDelay: (NSTimeInterval) {\i delay}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Hide the HUD after a delay. This still calls the hudWasHidden: delegate. This is the counterpart of the show: method. Use it to hide the HUD when your task completes.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i animated} \cell }{If set to YES the HUD will disappear using the current animationType. If set to NO the HUD will not use animations while disappearing. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i delay} \cell }{Delay in secons until the HUD is hidden.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
See also:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b animationType} \par
}}}
{\xe \v hideAllHUDsForView:animated:\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:hideAllHUDsForView:animated:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (NSUInteger) hideAllHUDsForView: ({\b UIView} *) {\i view} animated: (BOOL) {\i animated}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Finds all the HUD subviews and hides them.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i view} \cell }{The view that is going to be searched for HUD subviews. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i animated} \cell }{If set to YES the HUDs will disappear using the current animationType. If set to NO the HUDs will not use animations while disappearing. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the number of HUDs found and removed.\par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
See also:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid hideAllHUDForView:animated: \par
{\b animationType} \par
}}}
{\xe \v hideHUDForView:animated:\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:hideHUDForView:animated:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (BOOL) hideHUDForView: ({\b UIView} *) {\i view} animated: (BOOL) {\i animated}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Finds the top-most HUD subview and hides it. The counterpart to this method is showHUDAddedTo:animated:.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i view} \cell }{The view that is going to be searched for a HUD subview. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i animated} \cell }{If set to YES the HUD will disappear using the current animationType. If set to NO the HUD will not use animations while disappearing. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid YES if a HUD was found and removed, NO otherwise.\par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
See also:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b + showHUDAddedTo:animated:} \par
{\b animationType} \par
}}}
{\xe \v HUDForView:\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:HUDForView:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ ({\b MBProgressHUD} *) HUDForView: ({\b UIView} *) {\i view}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Finds the top-most HUD subview and returns it.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i view} \cell }{The view that is going to be searched. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A reference to the last HUD subview discovered. \par
}}}
{\xe \v initWithView:\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:initWithView:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) initWithView: ({\b UIView} *) {\i view}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A convenience constructor that initializes the HUD with the view's bounds. Calls the designated constructor with view.bounds as the parameter\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i view} \cell }{The view instance that will provide the bounds for the HUD. Should be the same instance as the HUD's superview (i.e., the view that the HUD will be added to). \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v initWithWindow:\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:initWithWindow:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) initWithWindow: (UIWindow *) {\i window}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A convenience constructor that initializes the HUD with the window's bounds. Calls the designated constructor with window.bounds as the parameter.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i window} \cell }{The window instance that will provide the bounds for the HUD. Should be the same instance as the HUD's superview (i.e., the window that the HUD will be added to). \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v show:\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:show:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) show: (BOOL) {\i animated}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Display the HUD. You need to make sure that the main thread completes its run loop soon after this method call so the user interface can be updated. Call this method when your task is already set-up to be executed in a new thread (e.g., when using something like NSOperation or calling an asynchronous call like NSURLRequest).\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i animated} \cell }{If set to YES the HUD will appear using the current animationType. If set to NO the HUD will not use animations while appearing.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
See also:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b animationType} \par
}}}
{\xe \v showHUDAddedTo:animated:\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:showHUDAddedTo:animated:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ ({\b MBProgressHUD} *) showHUDAddedTo: ({\b UIView} *) {\i view} animated: (BOOL) {\i animated}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates a new HUD, adds it to provided view and shows it. The counterpart to this method is hideHUDForView:animated:.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i view} \cell }{The view that the HUD will be added to \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i animated} \cell }{If set to YES the HUD will appear using the current animationType. If set to NO the HUD will not use animations while appearing. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid A reference to the created HUD.\par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
See also:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b + hideHUDForView:animated:} \par
{\b animationType} \par
}}}
{\xe \v showWhileExecuting:onTarget:withObject:animated:\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:showWhileExecuting:onTarget:withObject:animated:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) showWhileExecuting: (SEL) {\i method} onTarget: (id) {\i target} withObject: (id) {\i object} animated: (BOOL) {\i animated}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Shows the HUD while a background task is executing in a new thread, then hides the HUD.\par
This method also takes care of autorelease pools so your method does not have to be concerned with setting up a pool.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i method} \cell }{The method to be executed while the HUD is shown. This method will be executed in a new thread. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i target} \cell }{The object that the target method belongs to. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i object} \cell }{An optional object to be passed to the method. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i animated} \cell }{If set to YES the HUD will (dis)appear using the current animationType. If set to NO the HUD will not use animations while (dis)appearing. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v animationType\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:animationType}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (MBProgressHUDAnimation) animationType{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The animation type that should be used when the HUD is shown and hidden.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
See also:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid MBProgressHUDAnimation \par
}}}
{\xe \v customView\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:customView}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b UIView}*) customView{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The {\b UIView} (e.g., a UIImageView) to be shown when the HUD is in MBProgressHUDModeCustomView. For best results use a 37 by 37 pixel view (so the bounds match the built in indicator bounds). \par
}}
{\xe \v delegate\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:delegate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id<{\b MBProgressHUDDelegate}>) delegate{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The HUD delegate object.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
See also:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b MBProgressHUDDelegate} \par
}}}
{\xe \v detailsLabelFont\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:detailsLabelFont}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (UIFont*) detailsLabelFont{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Font to be used for the details label. Set this property if the default is not adequate. \par
}}
{\xe \v detailsLabelText\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:detailsLabelText}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b NSString}*) detailsLabelText{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [copy]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An optional details message displayed below the labelText message. This message is displayed only if the labelText property is also set and is different from an empty string (""). The details text can span multiple lines. \par
}}
{\xe \v dimBackground\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:dimBackground}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) dimBackground{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Cover the HUD background view with a radial gradient. \par
}}
{\xe \v labelFont\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:labelFont}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (UIFont*) labelFont{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Font to be used for the main label. Set this property if the default is not adequate. \par
}}
{\xe \v labelText\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:labelText}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b NSString}*) labelText{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [copy]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An optional short message to be displayed below the activity indicator. The HUD is automatically resized to fit the entire text. If the text is too long it will get clipped by displaying "..." at the end. If left unchanged or set to "", then no message is displayed. \par
}}
{\xe \v margin\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:margin}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (float) margin{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The amounth of space between the HUD edge and the HUD elements (labels, indicators or custom views). Defaults to 20.0 \par
}}
{\xe \v minShowTime\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:minShowTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (float) minShowTime{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The minimum time (in seconds) that the HUD is shown. This avoids the problem of the HUD being shown and than instantly hidden. Defaults to 0 (no minimum show time). \par
}}
{\xe \v minSize\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:minSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (CGSize) minSize{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The minimum size of the HUD bezel. Defaults to CGSizeZero (no minimum size). \par
}}
{\xe \v mode\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:mode}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (MBProgressHUDMode) mode{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b MBProgressHUD} operation mode. The default is MBProgressHUDModeIndeterminate.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
See also:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid MBProgressHUDMode \par
}}}
{\xe \v opacity\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:opacity}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (float) opacity{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The opacity of the HUD window. Defaults to 0.9 (90% opacity). \par
}}
{\xe \v progress\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:progress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (float) progress{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The progress of the progress indicator, from 0.0 to 1.0. Defaults to 0.0. \par
}}
{\xe \v removeFromSuperViewOnHide\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:removeFromSuperViewOnHide}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) removeFromSuperViewOnHide{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Removes the HUD from its parent view when hidden. Defaults to NO. \par
}}
{\xe \v square\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:square}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) square{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABWZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABWZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Force the HUD dimensions to be equal if possible. \par
}}
{\xe \v taskInProgress\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:taskInProgress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) taskInProgress{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Indicates that the executed operation is in progress. Needed for correct graceTime operation. If you don't set a graceTime (different than 0.0) this does nothing. This property is automatically set when using showWhileExecuting:onTarget:withObject:animated:. When threading is done outside of the HUD (i.e., when the show: and hide: methods are used directly), you need to set this property when your task starts and completes in order to have normal graceTime functionality. \par
}}
{\xe \v xOffset\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:xOffset}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (float) xOffset{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The x-axis offset of the HUD relative to the centre of the superview. \par
}}
{\xe \v yOffset\:MBProgressHUD}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD\:yOffset}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (float) yOffset{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The y-ayis offset of the HUD relative to the centre of the superview. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MBProgressHUD.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MBProgressHUD.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MBProgressHUD() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MBProgressHUD()}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUD()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setupLabels}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b registerForKVO}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b unregisterFromKVO}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSArray *) - {\b observableKeypaths}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b registerForNotifications}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b unregisterFromNotifications}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b updateUIForKeypath:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b hideUsingAnimation:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b showUsingAnimation:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b done}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b updateIndicators}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b handleGraceTimer:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b handleMinShowTimer:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setTransformForCurrentOrientation:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b cleanUp}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b launchExecution}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b deviceOrientationDidChange:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b hideDelayed:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXV}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UIView} * {\b indicator}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSTimer * {\b graceTimer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSTimer * {\b minShowTimer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSDate} * {\b showStarted}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABXZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABXZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGSize {\b size}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYA}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MBProgressHUD.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<MBProgressHUDDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <MBProgressHUDDelegate>}
{\xe \v <MBProgressHUDDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYB}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b hudWasHidden:}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v hudWasHidden:\:MBProgressHUDDelegate-p}
{\xe \v MBProgressHUDDelegate-p\:hudWasHidden:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) hudWasHidden: ({\b MBProgressHUD} *) {\i hud}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called after the HUD was fully hidden from the screen. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MBProgressHUD.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MBRoundProgressView Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MBRoundProgressView}
{\xe \v MBRoundProgressView}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYD}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <MBProgressHUD.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b UIView}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b progress}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b annular}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYE}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A progress view for showing definite progress by filling up a circle (pie chart). \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v progress\:MBRoundProgressView}
{\xe \v MBRoundProgressView\:progress}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (float) progress{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Progress (0.0 to 1.0) \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MBProgressHUD.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Medication Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Medication}
{\xe \v Medication}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYG}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b dosage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b expiration}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b medId}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b medName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b numContainers}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b tabletsContainer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYM}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/Medication.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MedicationObject Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MedicationObject}
{\xe \v MedicationObject}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYN}
\par
{
Inherits {\b BaseObject}, {\b <MedicationObjectProtocol>}, and {\b <CommonObjectProtocol>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MedicationObject.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<MedicationObjectProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <MedicationObjectProtocol>}
{\xe \v <MedicationObjectProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYO}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b MedicationObject}.}\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MedicationObjectProtocol.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MedicineSearchCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MedicineSearchCell}
{\xe \v MedicineSearchCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYP}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b MedicineSearchViewController} * {\b viewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYQ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/MedicineSearchCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MedicineSearchResultCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MedicineSearchResultCell}
{\xe \v MedicineSearchResultCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYR}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b medicineName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b medicineDose}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYT}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/MedicineSearchResultCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MedicineSearchViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MedicineSearchViewController}
{\xe \v MedicineSearchViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYU}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b moveBackToPrescription:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b searchMedicine:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYW}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b medicineField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITableView * {\b tableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b prescriptionData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABYZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABYZ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/MedicineSearchViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/MedicineSearchViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MedicineSearchViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MedicineSearchViewController()}
{\xe \v MedicineSearchViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZA}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/MedicineSearchViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MenuViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MenuViewController}
{\xe \v MenuViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZB}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZC}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZD}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/MenuViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/MenuViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MenuViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MenuViewController()}
{\xe \v MenuViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZE}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b switchUsersActive}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZF}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/MenuViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MobileClinicFacade Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MobileClinicFacade}
{\xe \v MobileClinicFacade}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZG}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <MobileClinicFacade.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}, and {\b <MobileClinicFacadeProtocol>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b init}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b GetCurrentUsername}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZI}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic Facade The user will use dictionaries to create and modify any records The primary key/ID of the object should not be used or tampered. Description: The Mobile Clinic Facade consolidates all the appropriate methods to complete the patient workflow \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
See also:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b MobileClinicFacadeProtocol} \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicFacade.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicFacade.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<MobileClinicFacadeProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <MobileClinicFacadeProtocol>}
{\xe \v <MobileClinicFacadeProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZJ}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b MobileClinicFacade}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b createAndCheckInPatient:onCompletion:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b findPatientWithFirstName:orLastName:onCompletion:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b addNewVisit:ForCurrentPatient:shouldCheckOut:onCompletion:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b updateVisitRecord:andShouldUnlock:andShouldCloseVisit:onCompletion:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b findAllVisitsForCurrentPatient:AndOnCompletion:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b findAllOpenVisitsAndOnCompletion:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b updateCurrentPatient:AndShouldLock:onCompletion:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b findAllPrescriptionForCurrentVisit:AndOnCompletion:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b addNewPrescription:ForCurrentVisit:AndlockVisit:onCompletion:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b updatePrescription:AndShouldLock:onCompletion:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b findAllMedication:AndOnCompletion:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b updateMedication:AndShouldLock:onCompletion:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b checkoutVisit:forPatient:AndWillUlockOnCompletion:}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v addNewPrescription:ForCurrentVisit:AndlockVisit:onCompletion:\:MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p}
{\xe \v MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p\:addNewPrescription:ForCurrentVisit:AndlockVisit:onCompletion:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) addNewPrescription: (NSDictionary *) {\i Rx} ForCurrentVisit: (NSDictionary *) {\i visit} AndlockVisit: (BOOL) {\i lock} onCompletion: (MobileClinicCommandResponse) {\i Response}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Creates a new patient and associates it to a given visit. Can also lock the prescription using the AndLockVisit boolean variable The block will return an error or the updated object. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i Rx} \cell }{the prescription dictionary that must be sent \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v addNewVisit:ForCurrentPatient:shouldCheckOut:onCompletion:\:MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p}
{\xe \v MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p\:addNewVisit:ForCurrentPatient:shouldCheckOut:onCompletion:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) addNewVisit: (NSDictionary *) {\i visitInfo} ForCurrentPatient: (NSDictionary *) {\i patientInfo} shouldCheckOut: (BOOL) {\i checkout} onCompletion: (MobileClinicCommandResponse) {\i Response}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds a new visitation record for the given patient. This method will not lock the patient but. This method is meant to be called at the end of the triage workflow. This method will store the visitation object locally and on the server.  Block call that, on completion, will return the visitation object {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i visitInfo} \cell }{The visitation information \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i patientInfo} \cell }{The patient to associate the visitation to \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v checkoutVisit:forPatient:AndWillUlockOnCompletion:\:MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p}
{\xe \v MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p\:checkoutVisit:forPatient:AndWillUlockOnCompletion:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) checkoutVisit: (NSDictionary *) {\i visit} forPatient: (NSDictionary *) {\i patient} AndWillUlockOnCompletion: (MobileClinicCommandResponse) {\i Response}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This will mark the patient and their visit as closed. \par
}}
{\xe \v createAndCheckInPatient:onCompletion:\:MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p}
{\xe \v MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p\:createAndCheckInPatient:onCompletion:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) createAndCheckInPatient: (NSDictionary *) {\i patientInfo} onCompletion: (MobileClinicCommandResponse) {\i Response}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This method creates a LOCAL patient. This patient will not be synced to the server immediately. This on completion this method will return the object it saves. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i patietnInfo} \cell }{The patient's information in a dictionary form \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v findAllOpenVisitsAndOnCompletion:\:MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p}
{\xe \v MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p\:findAllOpenVisitsAndOnCompletion:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) findAllOpenVisitsAndOnCompletion: (MobileClinicSearchResponse) {\i Response}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This method will return all open visits. When a Visit is created in triage it is automatically deemed Open, which means that it should be tracked by the system till the patien leaves. The information will be synced from the server and cached to the local. The returned visits will be an accumulation of both the local and client. This is great to help them narrow down who is next and how many is left. If the user selects the visit from the queue it MUST BE LOCKED USING THE \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
See also:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid UpdateVisitRecord or \par
LockVisit methods The block returns an array of Visitaion Dictionaries; The dictionaries also hold the corresponing Patient Dictionary the belongs to that visit which can be retrieved by using the Definition OPEN_VISITS_PATIENT \par
}}}
{\xe \v findAllPrescriptionForCurrentVisit:AndOnCompletion:\:MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p}
{\xe \v MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p\:findAllPrescriptionForCurrentVisit:AndOnCompletion:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) findAllPrescriptionForCurrentVisit: (NSDictionary *) {\i visit} AndOnCompletion: (MobileClinicSearchResponse) {\i Response}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Locates on the server and client all prescriptions for a given Visit {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i visit} \cell }{the {\b Visitation} Dictionary that you want to search for all prescriptions from \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v findAllVisitsForCurrentPatient:AndOnCompletion:\:MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p}
{\xe \v MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p\:findAllVisitsForCurrentPatient:AndOnCompletion:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) findAllVisitsForCurrentPatient: (NSDictionary *) {\i patientInfo} AndOnCompletion: (MobileClinicSearchResponse) {\i Response}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Using information from the given patient, this method will find all visits related to them. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i patientInfo} \cell }{the patient you want the visits from. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v findPatientWithFirstName:orLastName:onCompletion:\:MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p}
{\xe \v MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p\:findPatientWithFirstName:orLastName:onCompletion:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) findPatientWithFirstName: ({\b NSString} *) {\i firstname} orLastName: ({\b NSString} *) {\i lastname} onCompletion: (MobileClinicSearchResponse) {\i Response}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Locates the patient by First and/or Family name. This method fetches the query from the server and caches it to the device. Then it queries the cache to return a complete list objects that matches the criteria {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i firstname} \cell }{the firstname of the patient \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lastname} \cell }{the family name of the patient \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v updateCurrentPatient:AndShouldLock:onCompletion:\:MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p}
{\xe \v MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p\:updateCurrentPatient:AndShouldLock:onCompletion:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) updateCurrentPatient: (NSDictionary *) {\i patientInfo} AndShouldLock: (BOOL) {\i lock} onCompletion: (MobileClinicCommandResponse) {\i Response}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This method will update the patient's Information. If the patient doesn't exist then it will create one If the lock is True then the system will attempt to lock the patient {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i patientInfo} \cell }{the patient you want to save locally and to the server \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lock} \cell }{If True then the system will attempt to lock the patient \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v updatePrescription:AndShouldLock:onCompletion:\:MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p}
{\xe \v MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p\:updatePrescription:AndShouldLock:onCompletion:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) updatePrescription: (NSDictionary *) {\i Rx} AndShouldLock: (BOOL) {\i lock} onCompletion: (MobileClinicCommandResponse) {\i Response}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Updates existing medication or creates new ones if it doesn't exist Set the Bool variable to true to lock the prescription if necessary The block variable will return updated versions of the object or error messages if there was a problem {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i Rx} \cell }{the {\b Prescription} dicitionary file to update \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v updateVisitRecord:andShouldUnlock:andShouldCloseVisit:onCompletion:\:MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p}
{\xe \v MobileClinicFacadeProtocol-p\:updateVisitRecord:andShouldUnlock:andShouldCloseVisit:onCompletion:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) updateVisitRecord: (NSDictionary *) {\i visitRecord} andShouldUnlock: (BOOL) {\i unlock} andShouldCloseVisit: (BOOL) {\i closeVisit} onCompletion: (MobileClinicCommandResponse) {\i Response}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This will update the give visit in local and remote database. If the visit is locked by another user the server will not update the visit but will throw an error message. You should successfully lock the object before you try and change information. This method has the power to lock the object, but the object must not be in user by another user. This method also allows you to open and close a visit, which is determined by the Bool ShouldCloseVisit. This method will returned the updated value to you through the block call. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i visitRecord} \cell }{the record you want to lock \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i unlock} \cell }{TRUE means that the object will be unlocked when the update is completed FALSE will leave the object locked after the update; \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i closeVisit} \cell }{determines whether or not the patient has completed his/her visit \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicFacadeProtocol.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MyAsyncTest Interface Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MyAsyncTest}
{\xe \v MyAsyncTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZX}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Asynchronous test case with wait and notify.\par
If notify occurs before wait has started (if it was a synchronous call), this test case will still work.\par
Be sure to call prepare before the asynchronous method (otherwise an exception will raise). {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid      @end\par
\par
@implementation MyAsyncTest\par
\par
- (void)testSuccess \{\par
}
 Prepare for asynchronous call [self prepare];\par
Do asynchronous task here [self performSelector:(_succeed) withObject:nil afterDelay:0.1];\par
Wait for notify [self waitForStatus:kGHUnitWaitStatusSuccess timeout:1.0]; \}\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void)_succeed \{ Notify the wait. Notice the forSelector points to the test above. This is so that stray notifies don't error or falsely succeed other tests. To ignore the check, forSelector can be NULL. [self notify:kGHUnitWaitStatusSuccess forSelector:(testSuccess)]; \}\par}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this interface was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHAsyncTestCase.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MyTest Interface Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MyTest}
{\xe \v MyTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZY}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The base class for a test case. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid      @end\par
\par
@implementation MyTest\par
}
\par
Run before each test method{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void)setUp \{ \}\par}
Run after each test method{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void)tearDown \{ \}\par}
Run before the tests are run for this class{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void)setUpClass \{ \}\par}
Run before the tests are run for this class{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void)tearDownClass \{ \}\par}
Tests are prefixed by 'test' and contain no arguments and no return value{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void)testA \{ GHTestLog("Log with a test with the GHTestLog(...) for test specific logging."); \}\par}
Another test; Tests are run in lexical order{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void)testB \{ \}\par}
Override any exceptions; By default exceptions are raised, causing a test failure{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void)failWithException:(NSException *)exception \{ \}\par}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this interface was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHTestCase.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
MyViewTest Interface Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v MyViewTest}
{\xe \v MyViewTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAABZZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAABZZ}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
View verification test case.\par
Supports GHVerifyView, which renders a view and compares it against a saved image from a previous test run. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid      @end\par
\par
@implementation MyViewTest\par
\par
- (void)testMyView \{\par
  MyView *myView = [[MyView alloc] initWithFrame:CGRectMake(0, 0, 100, 100)];\par
  GHVerifyView(myView);\par
\}\par
\par
@end\par
}
\par
In order to record results across test runs, the PrepareUITests.sh script needs to be run as a build step. This script copies any test images (saved locally in $PROJECT_DIR/TestImages) to the app bundle so that calls to GHVerifyView have images from previous runs with which to compare.\par
After changes to views are approved in the simulator, the CopyTestImages.sh script should be run manually in Terminal. This script copies any approved view changes back to the project directory. Images are saved with filenames of the following format: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid [test class name]-[test selector name]-[UIScreen scale]-[# of call to GHVerifyView in selector]-[view class name].png\par
}
\par
Note that because of differences in text rendering between retina and non-retina devices/simulators, different images are saved for test runs using retina then non-retina.\par
Also note that there are commonly rendering differences across iOS versions. Therefore it is common for tests to fail when they are run using a different iOS version then the one that created the saved test image. This also applies to tests that are run at the command line (the xcodebuild flag '-sdk iphonesimulator' usually corresponds to the latest iOS simulator available). \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this interface was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHViewTestCase.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
NSDate Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v NSDate}
{\xe \v NSDate}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAA}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
DataProcessor.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
NSException(GHTestMacros_GTMSenTestAdditions) Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v NSException(GHTestMacros_GTMSenTestAdditions)}
{\xe \v NSException(GHTestMacros_GTMSenTestAdditions)}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAB}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSException *) + {\b ghu_failureInFile:atLine:withDescription:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSException *) + {\b ghu_failureInCondition:isTrue:inFile:atLine:withDescription:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSException *) + {\b ghu_failureInEqualityBetweenObject:andObject:inFile:atLine:withDescription:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSException *) + {\b ghu_failureInInequalityBetweenObject:andObject:inFile:atLine:withDescription:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSException *) + {\b ghu_failureInEqualityBetweenValue:andValue:withAccuracy:inFile:atLine:withDescription:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSException *) + {\b ghu_failureInRaise:inFile:atLine:withDescription:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSException *) + {\b ghu_failureInRaise:exception:inFile:atLine:withDescription:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSException *) + {\b ghu_failureWithName:inFile:atLine:reason:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAJ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/GHUnitIOS.framework/Versions/A/Headers/GHTestMacros.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
NSObject Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v NSObject}
{\xe \v NSObject}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAK}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b ASIDataCompressor}, {\b ASIDataDecompressor}, {\b ASIDownloadCache}, {\b ASIInputStream}, {\b CameraFacade}, {\b ColorMe}, {\b Database}, {\b DatabaseDriver}, {\b FingerprintObject}, {\b GCDAsyncReadPacket}, {\b GCDAsyncSocket}, {\b GCDAsyncSocketPreBuffer}, {\b GCDAsyncSpecialPacket}, {\b GCDAsyncWritePacket}, {\b GHMockNSURLConnection}, {\b GHTest}, {\b GHTestCase}, {\b GHUnitIOSAppDelegate}, {\b HTTPCore}, {\b MobileClinicFacade}, {\b ObjectFactory}, {\b PBAccessory}, {\b PBBioMatch3Database}, {\b PBBiomatch3Verifier}, {\b PBBiometry}, {\b PBBiometryEnrollConfig}, {\b PBBiometryFinger}, {\b PBBiometryTemplate}, {\b PBBiometryUser}, {\b PBBiometryVerifyConfig}, {\b PBLibrary}, {\b PBReferenceDatabase}, {\b PBSmartcard}, {\b PBSmartcardBioManagerContainer}, {\b PBSmartcardIDStoreContainer}, {\b Reachability}, {\b Server}, {\b StatusObject}, {\b TestFlight}, and {\b UICamera}.}\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSObject+CustomTools.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
NSString Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v NSString}
{\xe \v NSString}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAL}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSString+StringExt.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ObjectFactory Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ObjectFactory}
{\xe \v ObjectFactory}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAM}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b createObjectForType:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAN}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ObjectFactory.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ObjectFactory.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatientDashboardViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatientDashboardViewController}
{\xe \v PatientDashboardViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAO}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b sortBySelected:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(IBAction) - {\b tryAndSyncAllPendingObjects:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UISegmentedControl * {\b prioritySelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITableView * {\b doctorQueueTableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITableView * {\b pharmacyQueueTableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b PendingSyncButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAT}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v tryAndSyncAllPendingObjects:\:PatientDashboardViewController}
{\xe \v PatientDashboardViewController\:tryAndSyncAllPendingObjects:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (IBAction) tryAndSyncAllPendingObjects: (id) {\i sender}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This will should HUD in tableview to show alert the user that the system is working\par
This will remove the HUD since the search is complete \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PatientDashboardViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PatientDashboardViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatientDashboardViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatientDashboardViewController()}
{\xe \v PatientDashboardViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAV}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PatientDashboardViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatientHistoryTableCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatientHistoryTableCell}
{\xe \v PatientHistoryTableCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAW}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientVisitDateLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientWeightLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientBPLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACAZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientHeartLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientRespirationLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientTemperatureLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextView * {\b patientConditionTitleTextView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextView * {\b patientConditionsTextView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBE}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PatientHistoryTableCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatientObject Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatientObject}
{\xe \v PatientObject}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBF}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PatientObject.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b BaseObject}, {\b <PatientObjectProtocol>}, and {\b <CommonObjectProtocol>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableArray * {\b visits}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBG}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b PatientObject} class has a few bugs but is otherwise operational. This class is the main class that the user will interact with. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PatientObject.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<PatientObjectProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <PatientObjectProtocol>}
{\xe \v <PatientObjectProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBH}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b PatientObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSArray *) - {\b FindAllOpenPatientsLocally}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b SyncAllOpenPatietnsOnServer:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBJ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PatientObjectProtocol.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatientObjectTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatientObjectTest}
{\xe \v PatientObjectTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBK}
\par
{
Inherits {\b GHAsyncTestCase}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b systemUser}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b ServerCore} * {\b server}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PatientObject} * {\b testObject}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

__block NSMutableDictionary * {\b testPatient}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSDate} * {\b date}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBP}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/PatientObjectTest.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatientQueueTableCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatientQueueTableCell}
{\xe \v PatientQueueTableCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBQ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PatientQueueViewController} * {\b viewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBR}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PatientQueueTableCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatientQueueViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatientQueueViewController}
{\xe \v PatientQueueViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBS}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b sortBySelected:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBT}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITableView * {\b queueTableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UISegmentedControl * {\b prioritySelector}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b stationChosen}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBW}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PatientQueueViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PatientQueueViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatientQueueViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatientQueueViewController()}
{\xe \v PatientQueueViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBX}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PatientQueueViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PatientResultTableCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PatientResultTableCell}
{\xe \v PatientResultTableCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBY}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b patientImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACBZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACBZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientDOB}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientAge}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCC}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PatientResultTableCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Patients Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Patients}
{\xe \v Patients}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addVisitObject:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b removeVisitObject:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addVisit:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b removeVisit:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCH}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSDate} * {\b age}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b familyName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b firstName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b patientId}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSData * {\b photo}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b sex}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b status}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b villageName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b isLockedBy}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSSet * {\b visit}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCR}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/Patients.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBAccessory Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBAccessory}
{\xe \v PBAccessory}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCS}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBAccessory.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b addDelegate:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b removeDelegate:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(EAAccessory *) - {\b getAccessory}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b PBAccessory} *) + {\b sharedClass}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCT}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSMutableArray * {\b delegates}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSMutableArray * {\b notificationQueue}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
dispatch_semaphore_t {\b notificationSemaphore}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BOOL {\b connected}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class that handles communication with the Tactivo accessory that is not biometry or smartcard related.\par
{\b PBAccessory} generates the following notifications: PBAccessoryDidConnectNotification PBAccessoryDidDisconnectNotification The application can register for these notifications by adding itself as an observer on the NSNotificationCenter object: [[NSNotificationCenter defaultCenter] addObserver:myObject selector:(mySelector:) name:PBAccessoryDidConnectNotification object:[{\b PBAccessory} sharedClass]]; \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v addDelegate:\:PBAccessory}
{\xe \v PBAccessory\:addDelegate:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) addDelegate: (id< {\b PBAccessoryDelegate} >) {\i delegate}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
DEPRECATED: Use PBAccessoryDidConnect/DisconnectNotification notifications. Adds a delegate. \par
}}
{\xe \v getAccessory\:PBAccessory}
{\xe \v PBAccessory\:getAccessory}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (EAAccessory*) getAccessory }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the EAAccessory object for the connected accessory, if any.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the connected accessory, or nil if no accessory is connected. \par
}}}
{\xe \v removeDelegate:\:PBAccessory}
{\xe \v PBAccessory\:removeDelegate:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) removeDelegate: (id< {\b PBAccessoryDelegate} >) {\i delegate}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
DEPRECATED: Use PBAccessoryDidConnect/DisconnectNotification notifications. Removes a delegate. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v delegates\:PBAccessory}
{\xe \v PBAccessory\:delegates}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSMutableArray*) delegates{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The delegates of the {\b PBAccessory}. \par
}}
{\xe \v notificationQueue\:PBAccessory}
{\xe \v PBAccessory\:notificationQueue}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSMutableArray*) notificationQueue{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Notification queue. \par
}}
{\xe \v notificationSemaphore\:PBAccessory}
{\xe \v PBAccessory\:notificationSemaphore}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (dispatch_semaphore_t) notificationSemaphore{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACCZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACCZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Semaphore used by the notification handler. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v connected\:PBAccessory}
{\xe \v PBAccessory\:connected}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) connected{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tells if the accessory is connected or not. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/PBAccessory.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<PBAccessoryDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <PBAccessoryDelegate>}
{\xe \v <PBAccessoryDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDB}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBAccessory.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b pbAccessoryDidConnect}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b pbAccessoryDidDisconnect}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
DEPRECATED: Use PBAccessoryDidConnect/DisconnectNotification notifications. Accessory protocol that may be used to get notifications when the accessory is being connected and disconnected. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v pbAccessoryDidConnect\:PBAccessoryDelegate-p}
{\xe \v PBAccessoryDelegate-p\:pbAccessoryDidConnect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) pbAccessoryDidConnect {\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Method that will be called when the accessory connects to the device. \par
}}
{\xe \v pbAccessoryDidDisconnect\:PBAccessoryDelegate-p}
{\xe \v PBAccessoryDelegate-p\:pbAccessoryDidDisconnect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) pbAccessoryDidDisconnect {\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Method that will be called when the accessory disconnects from the device. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/PBAccessory.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBBarImageView Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBBarImageView}
{\xe \v PBBarImageView}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDE}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBBarImageView.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithCoder:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b setState:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

PBBarImageState {\b state}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDG}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Subclass of UIImageView that sets the basic layouts of a "bar image". Used e.g. for displaying a bar for the image quality of a fingerprint. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v setState:\:PBBarImageView}
{\xe \v PBBarImageView\:setState:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) setState: (PBBarImageState) {\i aState}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Changes the state of the bar image, which automatically changes the image of the bar image. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBBarImageView.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBBarImageView.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBBioManagerKeyProperties Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBBioManagerKeyProperties}
{\xe \v PBBioManagerKeyProperties}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDI}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <PBSmartcardBioManager.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned char {\b retryCounter}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isAuthenticated}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDK}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
BioManager key properties. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBSmartcardBioManager.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBBioMatch3Database Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBBioMatch3Database}
{\xe \v PBBioMatch3Database}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDL}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBBioMatch3Database.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}, and {\b <PBBiometryDatabase>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
({\b PBBioMatch3Database} *) + {\b sharedClass}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Implementation of the {\b PBBiometryDatabase} protocol for the Biomatch3 database that stores the template on a smart card. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v sharedClass\:PBBioMatch3Database}
{\xe \v PBBioMatch3Database\:sharedClass}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ ({\b PBBioMatch3Database} *) sharedClass }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The class is a singleton. This method returns the single object for this class. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBBioMatch3Database.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBBioMatch3Database.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBBiomatch3Verifier Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBBiomatch3Verifier}
{\xe \v PBBiomatch3Verifier}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDN}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBBiomatch3Verifier.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}, and {\b <PBBiometryVerifier>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
({\b PBBiomatch3Verifier} *) + {\b sharedClass}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Implementation of the {\b PBBiometryVerifier} protocol for the Biomatch3 verifier that runs on a smart card. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v sharedClass\:PBBiomatch3Verifier}
{\xe \v PBBiomatch3Verifier\:sharedClass}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ ({\b PBBiomatch3Verifier} *) sharedClass }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The class is a singleton. This method returns the single object for this class. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBBiomatch3Verifier.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBBiomatch3Verifier.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBBiometry Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBBiometry}
{\xe \v PBBiometry}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDP}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBBiometry.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBBiometryStatus) - {\b enrollFinger:database:gui:nbrOfImages:config:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBBiometryStatus) - {\b verifyFingers:database:gui:config:matchingFinger:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBBiometryStatus) - {\b verifyFingers:database:gui:verifier:config:matchingFinger:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBBiometryStatus) - {\b captureImagesWithGUI:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBBiometryStatus) - {\b captureImagesWithGUI:minimumQuality:minimumArea:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBBiometryStatus) - {\b cancel}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b PBBiometry} *) + {\b sharedBiometry}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
({\b NSString} *) + {\b stringFromStatus:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isEnrolling}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isVerifying}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isCapturing}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDT}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class containing the main biometric operations, enrollFinger and verifyFinger. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v cancel\:PBBiometry}
{\xe \v PBBiometry\:cancel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBBiometryStatus) cancel }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Cancels the enrollment, verification or image capturing process.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBBiometryStatusOK if successful, or an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v captureImagesWithGUI:\:PBBiometry}
{\xe \v PBBiometry\:captureImagesWithGUI:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBBiometryStatus) captureImagesWithGUI: (id< {\b PBBiometryGUI} >) {\i gui}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Captures images from a fingerprint sensor.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i gui} \cell }{is the GUI module that will display the image capturing progress.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBBiometryStatusOK if successful, or an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v captureImagesWithGUI:minimumQuality:minimumArea:\:PBBiometry}
{\xe \v PBBiometry\:captureImagesWithGUI:minimumQuality:minimumArea:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBBiometryStatus) {\b captureImagesWithGUI:} (id< {\b PBBiometryGUI} >) {\i gui} minimumQuality: (uint8_t) {\i minimumQuality} minimumArea: (uint32_t) {\i minimumArea}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Captures images from a fingerprint sensor. Use this method instead of captureImagesWithGUI: when there is requirements on quality and area for the captured images. Note: Implement the displayChosenImage: for the GUI to display the images with enough quality and area. displayImage: will still be called for all images, including images that do not pass the quality and area restrictions.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i gui} \cell }{is the GUI module that will display the image capturing progress. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i minimumQuality} \cell }{is the minimum quality required for a fingerprint image to be captured. The quality value ranges from 0 (worst quality) to 100 (best quality). \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i minimumArea} \cell }{is the minimum fingerprint area, in mm^2 required for a fingerprint image to be captured.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBBiometryStatusOK if successful, or an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v enrollFinger:database:gui:nbrOfImages:config:\:PBBiometry}
{\xe \v PBBiometry\:enrollFinger:database:gui:nbrOfImages:config:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBBiometryStatus) enrollFinger: ({\b PBBiometryFinger} *) {\i finger} database: (id< {\b PBBiometryDatabase} >) {\i database} gui: (id< {\b PBBiometryGUI} >) {\i gui} nbrOfImages: (uint8_t) {\i nbrOfImages} config: ({\b PBBiometryEnrollConfig} *) {\i config}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Captures x images from a fingerprint sensor. A template is then extracted from the "best" image out of the x images and that template is enrolled in the database.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i finger} \cell }{is the finger to be enrolled. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i database} \cell }{is the database module in which the enrolled template will be saved. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i gui} \cell }{is the GUI module that will display the enrollment progress. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i nbrOfImages} \cell }{is the number of images to be captured and used for selecting the "best" image. It is recommended to use 3-5 images. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i config} \cell }{is the config parameters for the enrollment.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBBiometryStatusOK if successful, or an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v stringFromStatus:\:PBBiometry}
{\xe \v PBBiometry\:stringFromStatus:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ ({\b NSString}*) stringFromStatus: (PBBiometryStatus) {\i status}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Converts a biometry status code to a readable string. \par
}}
{\xe \v verifyFingers:database:gui:config:matchingFinger:\:PBBiometry}
{\xe \v PBBiometry\:verifyFingers:database:gui:config:matchingFinger:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBBiometryStatus) verifyFingers: (NSArray *) {\i fingers} database: (id< {\b PBBiometryDatabase} >) {\i database} gui: (id< {\b PBBiometryGUI} >) {\i gui} config: ({\b PBBiometryVerifyConfig} *) {\i config} matchingFinger: ({\b PBBiometryFinger} **) {\i matchingFinger}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACDZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACDZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Extracts a template from an image captured from a fingerprint sensor and verifies it against templates stored in the database. The internal verifier will be used.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i fingers} \cell }{is an array of fingers to verify against. Will be input to the database to deliver the correct templates. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i database} \cell }{is the database module in which the enrolled templates has been saved. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i gui} \cell }{is the GUI module that will display the verification progress. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i config} \cell }{is the config parameters for the verification. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i matchingFinger} \cell }{is the matching finger of the verification, or nil if no finger matched.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBBiometryStatusOK if successful, or an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v verifyFingers:database:gui:verifier:config:matchingFinger:\:PBBiometry}
{\xe \v PBBiometry\:verifyFingers:database:gui:verifier:config:matchingFinger:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBBiometryStatus) verifyFingers: (NSArray *) {\i fingers} database: (id< {\b PBBiometryDatabase} >) {\i database} gui: (id< {\b PBBiometryGUI} >) {\i gui} verifier: (id< {\b PBBiometryVerifier} >) {\i verifier} config: ({\b PBBiometryVerifyConfig} *) {\i config} matchingFinger: ({\b PBBiometryFinger} **) {\i matchingFinger}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Extracts a template from an image captured from a fingerprint sensor and verifies it against templates stored in the database. The method allows for external verifiers to be used, e.g. to be able to do a match-on-card.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i fingers} \cell }{is an array of fingers to verify against. Will be input to the database to deliver the correct templates. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i database} \cell }{is the database module in which the enrolled templates has been saved. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i gui} \cell }{is the GUI module that will display the verification progress. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i verifier} \cell }{is the verifier module that will do the actual comparison of the templates. This allows for external verifiers e.g. for match-on-card verifiers. All external verifiers that support any of the possible template types may be used. Also make sure that the correct template type is specified, both for enrollment and for verification. Passing nil as verifier is the same as calling verifyFingers:database:gui:config:matchingFinger: in which case the internal verifier will be used. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i config} \cell }{is the config parameters for the verification. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i matchingFinger} \cell }{is the matching finger of the verification, or nil if no finger matched.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBBiometryStatusOK if successful, or an error code. \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/PBBiometry.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<PBBiometryDatabase> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <PBBiometryDatabase>}
{\xe \v <PBBiometryDatabase>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEB}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBBiometryDatabase.h>}}\par
{
Inherited by {\b FingerprintObject}, {\b PBBioMatch3Database}, and {\b PBReferenceDatabase}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b insertTemplate:forFinger:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
({\b PBBiometryTemplate} *) - {\b getTemplateForFinger:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b deleteTemplateForFinger:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b templateIsEnrolledForFinger:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSArray *) - {\b getEnrolledFingers}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Protocol for a biometric database. The database is responsible for storing and retrieving fingerprint templates. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v deleteTemplateForFinger:\:PBBiometryDatabase-p}
{\xe \v PBBiometryDatabase-p\:deleteTemplateForFinger:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) deleteTemplateForFinger: ({\b PBBiometryFinger} *) {\i finger}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deletes a previously enrolled template belonging to the specified finger from the database.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i finger} \cell }{is the finger associated with the template.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid YES if the template was deleted, otherwise NO. \par
}}}
{\xe \v getEnrolledFingers\:PBBiometryDatabase-p}
{\xe \v PBBiometryDatabase-p\:getEnrolledFingers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSArray*) getEnrolledFingers {\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACED}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACED}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns an array of the enrolled fingers in the database.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid an array of the enrolled fingers. \par
}}}
{\xe \v getTemplateForFinger:\:PBBiometryDatabase-p}
{\xe \v PBBiometryDatabase-p\:getTemplateForFinger:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b PBBiometryTemplate}*) getTemplateForFinger: ({\b PBBiometryFinger} *) {\i finger}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Finds a template belonging to the specified finger in the database and returns it.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i finger} \cell }{is the finger associated with the template.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the found template or nil if no template existed for the specified finger. \par
}}}
{\xe \v insertTemplate:forFinger:\:PBBiometryDatabase-p}
{\xe \v PBBiometryDatabase-p\:insertTemplate:forFinger:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) insertTemplate: ({\b PBBiometryTemplate} *) {\i template_} forFinger: ({\b PBBiometryFinger} *) {\i finger}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Inserts a template of the specified finger in the database. If a template for the finger already exists it will be overwritten by the new template.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i template_} \cell }{is the template to be inserted in the database. The database will not inherite the ownership of the template so the caller must still delete the template. The database implementation chooses if it makes a copy of the template or just retains it. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i finger} \cell }{is the finger associated with the template. Regarding ownership the same goes for the finger as for the template, see above.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid YES if the template was inserted in the database, otherwise NO. \par
}}}
{\xe \v templateIsEnrolledForFinger:\:PBBiometryDatabase-p}
{\xe \v PBBiometryDatabase-p\:templateIsEnrolledForFinger:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) templateIsEnrolledForFinger: ({\b PBBiometryFinger} *) {\i finger}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns YES if a template belonging to the specified finger is enrolled in the database.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i finger} \cell }{is the finger associated with the template.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid YES if there is a template enrolled for the specified finger, otherwise NO. \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/PBBiometryDatabase.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBBiometryEnrollConfig Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBBiometryEnrollConfig}
{\xe \v PBBiometryEnrollConfig}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEH}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBBiometryEnrollConfig.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b init}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEI}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint8_t {\b minimumQuality}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint32_t {\b minimumArea}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b timeout}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PBBiometryTemplateType {\b templateType}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Configuration properties for an enrollment process. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v minimumArea\:PBBiometryEnrollConfig}
{\xe \v PBBiometryEnrollConfig\:minimumArea}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (uint32_t) minimumArea{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The minimum fingerprint area, in mm^2, required for a fingerprint image to be used for enrollment, default (11 * 11). \par
}}
{\xe \v minimumQuality\:PBBiometryEnrollConfig}
{\xe \v PBBiometryEnrollConfig\:minimumQuality}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (uint8_t) minimumQuality{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The minimum quality required for a fingerprint image to be used for enrollment, default 20. The quality value ranges from 0 (worst quality) to 100 (best quality). \par
}}
{\xe \v templateType\:PBBiometryEnrollConfig}
{\xe \v PBBiometryEnrollConfig\:templateType}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBBiometryTemplateType) templateType{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The template type for the template to be enrolled, default PBBiometryTemplateTypeISOCompactCard. The template type will decide which extractor that will be used when extracting the template from the fingerprint image. \par
}}
{\xe \v timeout\:PBBiometryEnrollConfig}
{\xe \v PBBiometryEnrollConfig\:timeout}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (uint16_t) timeout{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The timeout for the image capture, in ms. If no image has been captured with the required quality and area within this time, the enrollment function will return, default 10000. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/PBBiometryEnrollConfig.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBBiometryFinger Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBBiometryFinger}
{\xe \v PBBiometryFinger}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEN}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBBiometryFinger.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithPosition:andUser:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithPosition:andUserId:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b isEqualToFinger:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b isOnLeftHand}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSUInteger) - {\b visualPosition}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PBFingerPosition {\b position}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b PBBiometryUser} * {\b user}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A finger, identified uniquely by it's position and user. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v isEqualToFinger:\:PBBiometryFinger}
{\xe \v PBBiometryFinger\:isEqualToFinger:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) isEqualToFinger: ({\b PBBiometryFinger} *) {\i finger}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns YES if the two fingers are equal, otherwise NO. \par
}}
{\xe \v isOnLeftHand\:PBBiometryFinger}
{\xe \v PBBiometryFinger\:isOnLeftHand}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) isOnLeftHand }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACER}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACER}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns YES if the finger is a finger on the left hand. \par
}}
{\xe \v visualPosition\:PBBiometryFinger}
{\xe \v PBBiometryFinger\:visualPosition}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSUInteger) visualPosition }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACES}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACES}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the "visual" position of the finger. This may e.g. be used to tell if a certain finger is 'to the right' of (>) another finger. E.g. left little = 1, left ring = 2, ... , right little = 10. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v position\:PBBiometryFinger}
{\xe \v PBBiometryFinger\:position}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBFingerPosition) position{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACET}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACET}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The position of the finger, e.g. 'right index' or 'left middle'. \par
}}
{\xe \v user\:PBBiometryFinger}
{\xe \v PBBiometryFinger\:user}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b PBBiometryUser} *) user{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The user of the finger. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/PBBiometryFinger.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<PBBiometryGUI> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <PBBiometryGUI>}
{\xe \v <PBBiometryGUI>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEV}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBBiometryGUI.h>}}\par
{
Inherited by {\b PBEnrollmentController}, {\b PBPractice4Controller}, and {\b PBVerificationController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b displayEvent:forFinger:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b displayImage:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b displayChosenImage:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b displayQuality:andArea:imageQualityThreshold:areaThreshold:}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Protocol for a biometric GUI. The GUI is used to display to the user what is happening when enrolling or verifying. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v displayChosenImage:\:PBBiometryGUI-p}
{\xe \v PBBiometryGUI-p\:displayChosenImage:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) displayChosenImage: ({\b UIImage} *) {\i image}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tells the GUI to display a fingerprint image from the sensor. The image has been chosen for further processing, e.g. for enrollment or verification. The GUI decides if it wants to show the image or just simply ignore it. This function will likely be called together with a call to displayImage. Note that the image in the call to displayImage may be different from the image in the call to displayChosenImage, but more likely they will be the same image.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i image} \cell }{is the image from the sensor to be displayed. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v displayEvent:forFinger:\:PBBiometryGUI-p}
{\xe \v PBBiometryGUI-p\:displayEvent:forFinger:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) displayEvent: (PBEvent) {\i event_} forFinger: ({\b PBBiometryFinger} *) {\i finger}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tells the GUI to display to the user that an event has occurred, for possible events, see PBEvent. The GUI chooses what will happen for each event, it could e.g. display a text or image for the user indicating what happened, light a LED or simply just ignore the event.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i event_} \cell }{is the type of event, see PB_EVENT_X. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i finger} \cell }{is the finger in case of the events PBEventPromptSwipeFinger and PBEventAlertFingerRejected. For other events the finger will be nil. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v displayImage:\:PBBiometryGUI-p}
{\xe \v PBBiometryGUI-p\:displayImage:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) displayImage: ({\b UIImage} *) {\i image}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tells the GUI to display a fingerprint image from the sensor. The GUI decides if it wants to show the image or just simply ignore it. This function will most likely be called together with a posting of the event PBEventAlertImageCaptured.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i image} \cell }{is the image from the sensor to be displayed. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v displayQuality:andArea:imageQualityThreshold:areaThreshold:\:PBBiometryGUI-p}
{\xe \v PBBiometryGUI-p\:displayQuality:andArea:imageQualityThreshold:areaThreshold:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) displayQuality: (uint8_t) {\i imageQuality} andArea: (uint32_t) {\i area} imageQualityThreshold: (uint8_t) {\i imageQualityThreshold} areaThreshold: (uint32_t) {\i areaThreshold}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACEZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACEZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tells the GUI to display quality information of the captured image. The GUI may choose to show parts or all of this quality information or simply ignore it. The GUI may choose to display this information as numbers or e.g. as bars indicating the values.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i imageQuality} \cell }{is the image quality of the captured image. The quality values range from 0 (worst quality) to 100 (best quality). \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i area} \cell }{is the fingerprint area in the captured image, in mm^2. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i imageQualityThreshold} \cell }{is the threshold that are used when checking if the image quality is acceptable or not. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i areaThreshold} \cell }{is the threshold that are used when checking if the fingerprint area is acceptable (large enough) or not. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/PBBiometryGUI.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBBiometryTemplate Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBBiometryTemplate}
{\xe \v PBBiometryTemplate}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFA}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBBiometryTemplate.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b initWithData:andDataSize:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b initWithData:andDataSize:andTemplateType:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint8_t * {\b data}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b dataSize}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PBBiometryTemplateType {\b templateType}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A biometric (fingerprint) template. A template contains extracted features from the fingerprint, e.g. minutiae points. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v initWithData:andDataSize:\:PBBiometryTemplate}
{\xe \v PBBiometryTemplate\:initWithData:andDataSize:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) initWithData: (const uint8_t *) {\i aData} andDataSize: (uint16_t) {\i aDataSize}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initiates the template object with template data. The template type will be set to PBBiometryTemplateTypeISOCompactCard. \par
}}
{\xe \v initWithData:andDataSize:andTemplateType:\:PBBiometryTemplate}
{\xe \v PBBiometryTemplate\:initWithData:andDataSize:andTemplateType:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) initWithData: (const uint8_t *) {\i aData} andDataSize: (uint16_t) {\i aDataSize} andTemplateType: (PBBiometryTemplateType) {\i aTemplateType}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initiates the template object with template data and type. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v data\:PBBiometryTemplate}
{\xe \v PBBiometryTemplate\:data}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (uint8_t *) data{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The binary data containing the template. \par
}}
{\xe \v dataSize\:PBBiometryTemplate}
{\xe \v PBBiometryTemplate\:dataSize}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (uint16_t) dataSize{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The size of the binary data, in bytes. \par
}}
{\xe \v templateType\:PBBiometryTemplate}
{\xe \v PBBiometryTemplate\:templateType}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBBiometryTemplateType) templateType{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The type of template. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/PBBiometryTemplate.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBBiometryUser Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBBiometryUser}
{\xe \v PBBiometryUser}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFG}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBBiometryUser.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithUserId:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFH}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint32_t {\b id_}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A user of the biometric system. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v id_\:PBBiometryUser}
{\xe \v PBBiometryUser\:id_}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (uint32_t) id_{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The id of the user. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/PBBiometryUser.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<PBBiometryVerifier> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <PBBiometryVerifier>}
{\xe \v <PBBiometryVerifier>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFJ}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b PBBiomatch3Verifier}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b verifyTemplate:againstTemplate:atFalseAcceptRate:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(BOOL) - {\b verifyTemplate:forFinger:atFalseAcceptRate:}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v verifyTemplate:againstTemplate:atFalseAcceptRate:\:PBBiometryVerifier-p}
{\xe \v PBBiometryVerifier-p\:verifyTemplate:againstTemplate:atFalseAcceptRate:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) verifyTemplate: ({\b PBBiometryTemplate} *) {\i probe} againstTemplate: ({\b PBBiometryTemplate} *) {\i reference} atFalseAcceptRate: (PBFalseAcceptRate) {\i falseAcceptRate}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Verifies the probe template against a reference template at a given false accept rate.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i probe} \cell }{is the probe (verification) template to be verified. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i reference} \cell }{is the reference (enrolled) template to which the probe template shall be verified against. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i falseAcceptRate} \cell }{is the requested false accept rate for the verification.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid YES if the two templates matched, otherwise NO. \par
}}}
{\xe \v verifyTemplate:forFinger:atFalseAcceptRate:\:PBBiometryVerifier-p}
{\xe \v PBBiometryVerifier-p\:verifyTemplate:forFinger:atFalseAcceptRate:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) verifyTemplate: ({\b PBBiometryTemplate} *) {\i probe} forFinger: ({\b PBBiometryFinger} *) {\i finger} atFalseAcceptRate: (PBFalseAcceptRate) {\i falseAcceptRate}{\f2 [optional]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Verifies the probe template against a reference template stored on a smart card.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i probe} \cell }{is the probe (verification) template to be verified. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i finger} \cell }{is the finger to be verified, which identifies the correct template enrolled on the card (in case several templates has been enrolled). \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i falseAcceptRate} \cell }{is the requested false accept rate for the verification.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid YES if the two templates matched, otherwise NO. \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/PBBiometryVerifier.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBBiometryVerifyConfig Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBBiometryVerifyConfig}
{\xe \v PBBiometryVerifyConfig}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFM}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBBiometryVerifyConfig.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b init}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFN}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint8_t {\b minimumQuality}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint32_t {\b minimumArea}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
uint16_t {\b timeout}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PBFalseAcceptRate {\b falseAcceptRate}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BOOL {\b defendAgainstBruteForce}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PBBiometryTemplateType {\b templateType}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Configuration properties for a verification process. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v defendAgainstBruteForce\:PBBiometryVerifyConfig}
{\xe \v PBBiometryVerifyConfig\:defendAgainstBruteForce}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) defendAgainstBruteForce{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tells if brute force checks shall be used or not, default YES. If YES, multiple subsequent rejects of the same finger, will cause that finger to be blocked for a given time. \par
}}
{\xe \v falseAcceptRate\:PBBiometryVerifyConfig}
{\xe \v PBBiometryVerifyConfig\:falseAcceptRate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBFalseAcceptRate) falseAcceptRate{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The requested false accept rate, default PBFalseAcceptRate10000. \par
}}
{\xe \v minimumArea\:PBBiometryVerifyConfig}
{\xe \v PBBiometryVerifyConfig\:minimumArea}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (uint32_t) minimumArea{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The minimum fingerprint area, in mm^2 required for a fingerprint image to be used for verification, default (10 * 10). \par
}}
{\xe \v minimumQuality\:PBBiometryVerifyConfig}
{\xe \v PBBiometryVerifyConfig\:minimumQuality}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (uint8_t) minimumQuality{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The minimum quality required for a fingerprint image to be used for verification, default 15. The quality value ranges from 0 (worst quality) to 100 (best quality). \par
}}
{\xe \v templateType\:PBBiometryVerifyConfig}
{\xe \v PBBiometryVerifyConfig\:templateType}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBBiometryTemplateType) templateType{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The template type for the template to be enrolled, default PBBiometryTemplateTypeISOCompactCard. The template type will decide which extractor that will be used when extracting the template from the fingerprint image.. \par
}}
{\xe \v timeout\:PBBiometryVerifyConfig}
{\xe \v PBBiometryVerifyConfig\:timeout}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (uint16_t) timeout{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The timeout for the image capture, in ms. If no image has been captured with the required quality and area within this time, the verification function will return, default 7500. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/PBBiometryVerifyConfig.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBDisconnectionViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBDisconnectionViewController}
{\xe \v PBDisconnectionViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFU}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBDisconnectionViewController.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b shellImageView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b phoneImageView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b continueAnimation}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b insideAnimation}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFY}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
View controller animating the tactivo connecting to an iPhone. May be used to indicate to the user that the tactivo is disconnected and needs to be connected to the iPhone.\par
The animation will start when viewWillAppear is called and will stop when viewWillDisappear is called. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBDisconnectionViewController.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBEnrollmentController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBEnrollmentController}
{\xe \v PBEnrollmentController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACFZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACFZ}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBEnrollmentController.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}, and {\b <PBBiometryGUI>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithDatabase:andFinger:andDelegate:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGA}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UIView} * {\b insideView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBFingerImageView} * {\b mainImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBFingerImageView} * {\b smallImage1}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBFingerImageView} * {\b smallImage2}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBFingerImageView} * {\b smallImage3}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b smallImages}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInteger {\b currentChosenImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b errorLabel1}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b errorLabel2}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b errorLabel3}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b errorLabel4}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b numberLabel1}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b numberLabel2}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b numberLabel3}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b numberLabels}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b infoLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInteger {\b nbrOfDots}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b enrolling}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIActivityIndicatorView * {\b activityIndicator}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b decisionImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b decisionLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b fadeLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PBBiometryFinger} * {\b finger}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b PBEnrollmentDelegate} > {\b delegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b PBBiometryDatabase} > {\b database}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACGZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACGZ}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b PBBiometryEnrollConfig} * {\b config}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Controller responsible for the enrollment process. The user is prompted swipe his/her finger three times and the best fingerprint out of those three collected is chosen to be enrolled. The user may choose to cancel the enrollment process at any time.\par
It is recommended that the enrollment controller is presented as a modal view controller using the presentModalViewController method. Note that first placing the enrollment controller in a navigation controller and then presenting the navigation controller as a modal view controller will set a navigationbar and toolbar for the enrollment controller.\par
Example: PBEnrollmentController* enrollmentController = [[{\b PBEnrollmentController} alloc] initWithDatabase:database ...]; UINavigationController* navController = [[UINavigationController alloc] initWithRootViewController:enrollmentController];\par
[self presentModalViewController:navController animated:YES]; \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v config\:PBEnrollmentController}
{\xe \v PBEnrollmentController\:config}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b PBBiometryEnrollConfig} *) config{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [retain]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The config parameters for the enrollment. If nil, the default config parameters will be used. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBEnrollmentController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBEnrollmentController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<PBEnrollmentDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <PBEnrollmentDelegate>}
{\xe \v <PBEnrollmentDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHB}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b PBManageFingersController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b enrollmentTemplateEnrolledForFinger:}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v enrollmentTemplateEnrolledForFinger:\:PBEnrollmentDelegate-p}
{\xe \v PBEnrollmentDelegate-p\:enrollmentTemplateEnrolledForFinger:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) enrollmentTemplateEnrolledForFinger: ({\b PBBiometryFinger} *) {\i finger}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tells that the enrollment is completed and that a template has been enrolled for the specified finger. If finger is nil then the enrollment failed or was cancelled and no template was enrolled for the finger. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBEnrollmentController.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBFingerImageView Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBFingerImageView}
{\xe \v PBFingerImageView}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHD}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBFingerImageView.h>}}\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Subclass of UIImageView that sets the basic layouts for a fingerprint image. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBFingerImageView.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBFingerPickerController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBFingerPickerController}
{\xe \v PBFingerPickerController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHE}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b fingerChosen:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b scrollLeft}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b scrollRight}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHH}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b leftLittleButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b leftRingButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b leftMiddleButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b leftIndexButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b leftThumbButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b rightLittleButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b rightRingButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b rightMiddleButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b rightIndexButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b rightThumbButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b gotoLeftHandButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b gotoRightHandButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b rightHandImageView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIScrollView * {\b scrollView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isAnimatingScroll}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHW}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
id< {\b PBFingerPickerDelegate} > {\b delegate}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSArray * {\b pickableFingers}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v delegate\:PBFingerPickerController}
{\xe \v PBFingerPickerController\:delegate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id< {\b PBFingerPickerDelegate} >) delegate{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [retain]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The delegate of the fingerpicker controller. Will be called when the user has chosen a finger. \par
}}
{\xe \v pickableFingers\:PBFingerPickerController}
{\xe \v PBFingerPickerController\:pickableFingers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSArray *) pickableFingers{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [retain]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The fingers to choose from. If not set, then all 10 fingers may be chosen from. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBFingerPickerController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBFingerPickerController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<PBFingerPickerDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <PBFingerPickerDelegate>}
{\xe \v <PBFingerPickerDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACHZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACHZ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b fingerPickerUserChooseFinger:}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v fingerPickerUserChooseFinger:\:PBFingerPickerDelegate-p}
{\xe \v PBFingerPickerDelegate-p\:fingerPickerUserChooseFinger:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) fingerPickerUserChooseFinger: (PBFingerPosition) {\i fingerPosition}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when the user chooses a finger. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBFingerPickerController.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBLibrary Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBLibrary}
{\xe \v PBLibrary}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIB}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBLibrary.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b PBLibrary} *) + {\b sharedClass}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIC}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b NSString} * {\b version}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class that handles toolkit/library functionality that is not accessory, biometry or smartcard related. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v version\:PBLibrary}
{\xe \v PBLibrary\:version}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b NSString} *) version{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [retain]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACID}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACID}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The version of the static library. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/PBLibrary.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBManageFingersController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBManageFingersController}
{\xe \v PBManageFingersController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIE}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBManageFingersController.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}, {\b <PBEnrollmentDelegate>}, and {\b <PBVerificationDelegate>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b initWithDatabase:andUser:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b refresh}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b enrollFinger:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b scrollLeft}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b scrollRight}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIH}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b leftHandImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACII}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACII}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b rightHandImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b leftLittle}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b leftRing}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b leftMiddle}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b leftIndex}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b leftThumb}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b rightLittle}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b rightRing}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b rightMiddle}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b rightIndex}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b rightThumb}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b scrollToLeftHandImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b scrollToRightHandImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIScrollView * {\b scrollView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b noFingersLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b fingerButtons}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b PBBiometryDatabase} > {\b database}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACIZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACIZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PBBiometryUser} * {\b user}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInteger {\b pageCurrentlyShown}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isAnimatingScroll}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJC}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
id< {\b PBBiometryVerifier} > {\b verifier}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b PBBiometryVerifyConfig} * {\b verifyConfig}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b PBBiometryEnrollConfig} * {\b enrollConfig}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BOOL {\b verifyAgainstAllFingers}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSArray * {\b enrollableFingers}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Controller responsible for displaying information about which fingers that are currently enrolled/registerd and to provide funtionality for enrolling new fingers and deleting previously enrolled fingers. If any fingers are already enrolled the user will be prompted to verify her/himself before being allowed to enroll or delete any fingers.\par
The manage fingers controller can be placed in a UINavigationController. It will set a default title that will be shown on the navigation bar.\par
Example:\par
PBManageFingersController* manageFingersController = [[{\b PBManageFingersController} alloc] initWithDatabase:database]; UINavigationController* navController = [[UINavigationController alloc] init];\par
[navController pushViewController:manageFingersController animated:NO];\par
The manage fingers controller can also be placed in a tab bar controller. It will create a default tab bar item that will be shown on the tab bar. It is recommended to place the manage fingers controller in a navigation controller and then place the navigation controller in the tab bar controller to also get the correct navigation bar for the manage fingers controller.\par
Example:\par
PBManageFingersController* manageFingersController = [[{\b PBManageFingersController} alloc] initWithDatabase:database]; UINavigationController* navController = [[UINavigationController alloc] init]; UITabBarController* tabBarController = [[UITabBarController alloc] init];\par
[navController pushViewController:manageFingersController animated:NO]; [tabBarController setViewControllers:[NSArray arrayWithObjects:navController, nil]]; \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v initWithDatabase:andUser:\:PBManageFingersController}
{\xe \v PBManageFingersController\:initWithDatabase:andUser:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) initWithDatabase: (id<{\b PBBiometryDatabase}>) {\i aDatabase} andUser: ({\b PBBiometryUser}*) {\i aUser}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initiates the manage fingers controller with a database and a user. \par
}}
{\xe \v refresh\:PBManageFingersController}
{\xe \v PBManageFingersController\:refresh}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) refresh }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Refreshes the manage fingers controller. Updates the enrolled fingers and sets the state back to normal (in case in edit state). Call this method e.g. if the enrolled fingers are stored on a smartcard and the smartcard is inserted or removed from the card reader. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v enrollableFingers\:PBManageFingersController}
{\xe \v PBManageFingersController\:enrollableFingers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSArray *) enrollableFingers{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [retain]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The fingers that may be enrolled. If not set, then all 10 fingers may be enrolled. \par
}}
{\xe \v enrollConfig\:PBManageFingersController}
{\xe \v PBManageFingersController\:enrollConfig}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b PBBiometryEnrollConfig} *) enrollConfig{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [retain]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The config parameters for the enrollment. If nil, the default config parameters will be used. \par
}}
{\xe \v verifier\:PBManageFingersController}
{\xe \v PBManageFingersController\:verifier}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id< {\b PBBiometryVerifier} >) verifier{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [retain]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Verifier, in case the default verifier shall not be used, e.g. for match on card. \par
}}
{\xe \v verifyAgainstAllFingers\:PBManageFingersController}
{\xe \v PBManageFingersController\:verifyAgainstAllFingers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) verifyAgainstAllFingers{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tells if the verification is done against all of the enrolled fingers or if the user has to choose finger to verify against. E.g. for match on card it is better to only verify against one finger, since otherwise it is likely that fingers are accidently locked by the card itself. \par
}}
{\xe \v verifyConfig\:PBManageFingersController}
{\xe \v PBManageFingersController\:verifyConfig}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b PBBiometryVerifyConfig} *) verifyConfig{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [retain]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The config parameters for the verification. If nil, the default config parameters will be used. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBManageFingersController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBManageFingersController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBPractice1Controller Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBPractice1Controller}
{\xe \v PBPractice1Controller}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJK}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBPractice1Controller.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithPracticeController:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b next:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJM}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b continueAnimation}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b insideAnimation}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b mark1Image}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b mark2Image}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b nextButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PBPracticeController} * {\b practiceController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJS}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Teaches the user which area of the finger to swipe. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBPractice1Controller.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBPractice1Controller.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBPractice2Controller Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBPractice2Controller}
{\xe \v PBPractice2Controller}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJT}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBPractice2Controller.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithPracticeController:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b next:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJV}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b handImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b continueAnimation}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b insideAnimation}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b nextButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACJZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACJZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PBPracticeController} * {\b practiceController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKA}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Teaches the user how to swipe on the sensor. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBPractice2Controller.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBPractice2Controller.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBPractice3Controller Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBPractice3Controller}
{\xe \v PBPractice3Controller}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKB}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBPractice3Controller.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithPracticeController:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b next:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKD}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b handImage1}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b handImage2}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b continueAnimation}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b insideAnimation}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b nextButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PBPracticeController} * {\b practiceController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKJ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Teaches the user the correct orientation of the finger when swiping. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBPractice3Controller.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBPractice3Controller.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBPractice4Controller Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBPractice4Controller}
{\xe \v PBPractice4Controller}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKK}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBPractice4Controller.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}, and {\b <PBBiometryGUI>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithPracticeController:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b next:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKM}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBFingerImageView} * {\b largeImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImage0}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImage1}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImage2}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImage3}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImage4}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImage5}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImage6}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImage7}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImage8}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImage9}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImageA0}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImageA1}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACKZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACKZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImageA2}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImageA3}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImageA4}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImageA5}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImageA6}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImageA7}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImageA8}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b PBBarImageView} * {\b barImageA9}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PBDisconnectionViewController} * {\b disconnectionView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b barImages}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b barImagesA}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b resultLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PBPracticeController} * {\b practiceController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b startNewCapture}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isVisible}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLO}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Lets the user practice swiping the sensor. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBPractice4Controller.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBPractice4Controller.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBPracticeController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBPracticeController}
{\xe \v PBPracticeController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLP}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBPracticeController.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b scrollLeft:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b scrollRight:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLR}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIScrollView * {\b scrollView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableArray * {\b viewControllers}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInteger {\b pageCurrentlyShown}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isAnimatingScroll}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGFloat {\b queuedScrollToX}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLW}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A view controller giving the user information about how to use the sensor. It also contains a part where the user can try to swiep his/her finger.\par
The practice controller can be placed in a UINavigationController. It will set a default title that will be shown on the navigation bar.\par
Example:\par
PBPracticeController* practiceController = [[{\b PBPracticeController} alloc] init]; UINavigationController* navController = [[UINavigationController alloc] init];\par
[navController pushViewController:practiceController animated:NO];\par
The practice controller can also be placed in a tab bar controller. It will create a default tab bar item that will be shown on the tab bar. It is recommended to place the practice controller in a navigation controller and then place the navigation controller in the tab bar controller to also get the correct navigation bar for the practice controller.\par
Example:\par
PBPracticeController* practiceController = [[{\b PBPracticeController} alloc] init]; UINavigationController* navController = [[UINavigationController alloc] init]; UITabBarController* tabBarController = [[UITabBarController alloc] init];\par
[navController pushViewController:practiceController animated:NO]; [tabBarController setViewControllers:[NSArray arrayWithObjects:navController, nil]]; \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBPracticeController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBPracticeController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBReferenceDatabase Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBReferenceDatabase}
{\xe \v PBReferenceDatabase}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLX}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBReferenceDatabase.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}, and {\b <PBBiometryDatabase>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
({\b PBReferenceDatabase} *) + {\b sharedClass}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSMutableArray * {\b enrolledFingers}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reference database that stores the templates in a keychain using the iOS Keychain Services. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v sharedClass\:PBReferenceDatabase}
{\xe \v PBReferenceDatabase\:sharedClass}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ ({\b PBReferenceDatabase} *) sharedClass }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The class is a singleton. This method returns the single object for this class. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v enrolledFingers\:PBReferenceDatabase}
{\xe \v PBReferenceDatabase\:enrolledFingers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSMutableArray*) enrolledFingers{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACLZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACLZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
List of enrolled fingers. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBReferenceDatabase.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBReferenceDatabase.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBSmartcard Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMA}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBSmartcard.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
{
Inherited by {\b PBSmartcard7816}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardStatus) - {\b open}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardStatus) - {\b openWithDisabledBackgroundManagement}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardStatus) - {\b close}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardStatus) - {\b connect:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardStatus) - {\b disconnect:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardStatus) - {\b reconnect::}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardStatus) - {\b transmit:withCommandLength:andResponseBuffer:andResponseLength:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardSlotStatus) - {\b getSlotStatus}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardSlotStatus) - {\b getSlot}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardProtocol) - {\b getCurrentProtocol}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardProtocol) - {\b getProt}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(NSArray *) - {\b getATR}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b smartcardInserted:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b smartcardRemoved:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b accessoryConnected:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b accessoryDisconnected:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
({\b NSString} *) + {\b stringFromStatus:}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class containing the main Smartcard operations.\par
PBSmartCard generates the following notifications: PB_CARD_INSERTED PB_CARD_REMOVED The application can register for these notifications by adding itself as an observer on the NSNotificationCenter object (note that sender object must be set to nil): [[NSNotificationCenter defaultCenter] addObserver:myObject selector:(mySelector:) name:"PB_CARD_INSERTED" object:nil];\par
The initial state of the slot can be checked with "slotStatus" which is updated when {\b PBSmartcard} is initialized. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v accessoryConnected:\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:accessoryConnected:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) accessoryConnected: (NSNotification *) {\i notification}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
"Protected method", should only be used if subclassing {\b PBSmartcard}. The subclass may override this method and act accordingly, as long as [super accessoryConnected] is called. This method will be called when the accessory is connected to the device. \par
}}
{\xe \v accessoryDisconnected:\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:accessoryDisconnected:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) accessoryDisconnected: (NSNotification *) {\i notification}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
"Protected method", should only be used if subclassing {\b PBSmartcard}. The subclass may override this method and act accordingly, as long as [super accessoryDisconnected] is called. This method will be called when the accessory is disconnected from the device. \par
}}
{\xe \v close\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:close}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardStatus) close }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Closes the library and disables all notifications. Property values are no longer reliable. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmardcardStatusSuccess if successful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v connect:\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:connect:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardStatus) connect: (PBSmartcardProtocol) {\i preferredProtocol}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACME}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACME}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Connects to a card in the reader using a specified protocol. The card will be open exclusively for this thread until released with a call to {\b disconnect:}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i preferredProtocol} \cell }{The preferred protocol for further communication. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmardcardStatusSuccess if successful, or an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v disconnect:\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:disconnect:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardStatus) disconnect: (PBSmartcardDisposition) {\i disposition}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Disconnect from a previous call to {\b connect:} allowing other applications to access the card. Allows the caller to set the card in a preferred disposition for the next caller. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i disposition} \cell }{The disposition of the card in the reader. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmardcardStatusSuccess if successful, or an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v getATR\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:getATR}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSArray*) getATR }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the card ATR stored as an array of NSNumber. \par
}}
{\xe \v getCurrentProtocol\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:getCurrentProtocol}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardProtocol) getCurrentProtocol }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the protocol used by the currently connected card, if any. \par
}}
{\xe \v getProt\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:getProt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardProtocol) getProt }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
DEPRECATED, use getCurrentProtocol. \par
}}
{\xe \v getSlot\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:getSlot}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardSlotStatus) getSlot }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
DEPRECATED, use getSlotStatus. \par
}}
{\xe \v getSlotStatus\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:getSlotStatus}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardSlotStatus) getSlotStatus }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the current slot status of the card reader. \par
}}
{\xe \v open\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:open}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardStatus) open }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACML}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACML}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initializes the library and enables notifications and {\b PBSmartcard} property values. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmardcardStatusSuccess if successful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v openWithDisabledBackgroundManagement\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:openWithDisabledBackgroundManagement}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardStatus) openWithDisabledBackgroundManagement }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Does the same initializations as {\b open} but also disables the automatic background management in the library. This method should only be used when an application expliciteley need to manage smart card operations in the background. See the document "Precise iOS Toolkit Smart Card Reader User Manual" for more details on the automatic background management in the library. This method requires at least iOS 5.x. Calling the method on iOS version < 5.x will return PBSmartcardStatusNotSupported. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmardcardStatusSuccess if successful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v reconnect::\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:reconnect::}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardStatus) reconnect: (PBSmartcardProtocol) {\i preferredProtocol} : (PBSmartcardReset) {\i resetType}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Resets and reconnects to the card in the reader. This can be used to select a different interface on the card (if supported). {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i preferredProtocol} \cell }{The preferred protocol to use for further communication. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i resetType} \cell }{The type of reset of the card to be performed. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmardcardStatusSuccess if successful, or an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v smartcardInserted:\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:smartcardInserted:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) smartcardInserted: (NSNotification *) {\i notification}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
"Protected method", should only be used if subclassing {\b PBSmartcard}. The subclass may override this method and act accordingly, as long as [super smartcardInserted] is called. This method will be called when a smartcard is inserted in the reader. \par
}}
{\xe \v smartcardRemoved:\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:smartcardRemoved:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) smartcardRemoved: (NSNotification *) {\i notification}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
"Protected method", should only be used if subclassing {\b PBSmartcard}. The subclass may override this method and act accordingly, as long as [super smartcardRemoved] is called. This method will be called when a smartcard is removed from the reader. \par
}}
{\xe \v stringFromStatus:\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:stringFromStatus:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ ({\b NSString}*) stringFromStatus: (PBSmartcardStatus) {\i status}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Converts a smartcard status code to a readable string. \par
}}
{\xe \v transmit:withCommandLength:andResponseBuffer:andResponseLength:\:PBSmartcard}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard\:transmit:withCommandLength:andResponseBuffer:andResponseLength:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardStatus) transmit: (unsigned char *) {\i command} withCommandLength: (unsigned short) {\i commandLength} andResponseBuffer: (unsigned char *) {\i response} andResponseLength: (unsigned short *) {\i responseLength}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Transmits an APDU to the card and retrieves the result of the command from the card. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i command} \cell }{The command APDU to send to the card \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i commandLength} \cell }{The size of the command in bytes. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i response} \cell }{Pointer to the response APDU from the card. This memory must be allocated by the calling application. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in,out\cell }{{\i responseLength} \cell }{Supplies the length in bytes of the response parameter and received the actual number of bytes received from the smart card. \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmardcardStatusSuccess if successful, or an error code. \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/PBSmartcard.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBSmartcard7816 Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBSmartcard7816}
{\xe \v PBSmartcard7816}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMS}
\par
{
Inherits {\b PBSmartcard}.}\par
{
Inherited by {\b PBSmartcardBioManager}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(PBSmartcardStatus) - {\b selectApplicationID:ofLength:returnsStatusWord:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(PBSmartcardStatus) - {\b connect}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(PBSmartcardStatus) - {\b disconnect}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isInserted}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(PBSmartcardStatus) - {\b tranceiveAPDUwithClass:andInstruction:withParameter:andParameter:returnsStatusWord:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(PBSmartcardStatus) - {\b tranceiveAPDUwithClass:andInstruction:withParameter:andParameter:expectedLength:responseData:withLength:returnsStatusWord:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(PBSmartcardStatus) - {\b tranceiveAPDUwithClass:andInstruction:withParameter:andParameter:andCommandData:withLength:returnsStatusWord:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACMZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACMZ}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b PBSmartcard7816} *) + {\b shared7816}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNA}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBSmartcard7816.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBSmartcard7816.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBSmartcardAppDelegate Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBSmartcardAppDelegate}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardAppDelegate}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNB}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBSmartcardAppDelegate.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b accessoryConnected:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b accessoryDisconnected:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b smartcardInserted:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b smartcardRemoved:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSMutableArray * {\b notificationQueue}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UIBackgroundTaskIdentifier {\b backgroundTask}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b PBDisconnectionViewController} * {\b disconnectionViewController}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIWindow * {\b window}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BOOL {\b useDisconnectionView}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Helper class for smartcard applications. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v accessoryConnected:\:PBSmartcardAppDelegate}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardAppDelegate\:accessoryConnected:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) accessoryConnected: (NSNotification*) {\i notification}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACND}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACND}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when the accessory is connected to the device. \par
}}
{\xe \v accessoryDisconnected:\:PBSmartcardAppDelegate}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardAppDelegate\:accessoryDisconnected:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) accessoryDisconnected: (NSNotification*) {\i notification}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when the accessory is disconnected from the device. \par
}}
{\xe \v smartcardInserted:\:PBSmartcardAppDelegate}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardAppDelegate\:smartcardInserted:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) smartcardInserted: (NSNotification*) {\i notification}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when a smartcard is inserted in the reader. \par
}}
{\xe \v smartcardRemoved:\:PBSmartcardAppDelegate}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardAppDelegate\:smartcardRemoved:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) smartcardRemoved: (NSNotification*) {\i notification}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called when a smartcard is removed from the reader. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v backgroundTask\:PBSmartcardAppDelegate}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardAppDelegate\:backgroundTask}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (UIBackgroundTaskIdentifier) backgroundTask{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Identifier for the current background task responsible of closing down the connection to the accessory. Will be UIBackgroundTaskInvalid if no background task is currently ongoing. \par
}}
{\xe \v disconnectionViewController\:PBSmartcardAppDelegate}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardAppDelegate\:disconnectionViewController}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b PBDisconnectionViewController}*) disconnectionViewController{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
View controller for view indicating when the accessory is not connected to the device. \par
}}
{\xe \v notificationQueue\:PBSmartcardAppDelegate}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardAppDelegate\:notificationQueue}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSMutableArray*) notificationQueue{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Queue} for received notifications (accessory connected/disconnected, smartcard inserted/removed). \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v useDisconnectionView\:PBSmartcardAppDelegate}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardAppDelegate\:useDisconnectionView}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) useDisconnectionView{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tells if the disconnection view shall be displayed or not when the accessory is not connected to the device, default YES. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBSmartcardAppDelegate.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBSmartcardAppDelegate.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBSmartcardBioManager Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNL}
\par
{
Inherits {\b PBSmartcard7816}.}\par
{
Inherited by {\b PBSmartcardIDStore}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) - {\b unlockTemplate:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) - {\b deleteTemplate:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) - {\b verifyAdminKey:withLength:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) - {\b verifyStartKey:withLength:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) - {\b leaveVirginState:keyLength:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) - {\b resetAuthenticationStatus:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) - {\b changeState:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) - {\b enrollFinger:withTemplate:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) - {\b enrollFinger:usingHeader:withLength:andReferenceData:withLength:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) - {\b getHeaderForFinger:bioHeader:withLength:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) - {\b verifyFinger::::}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b PBSmartcardBioManager} *) + {\b sharedBioManager}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNM}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b NSString} * {\b bioManagerVersion}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b NSString} * {\b onCardMatchingAlgorithmVersion}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PBBioManagerLifeCycleState {\b currentState}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b PBBioManagerKeyProperties} {\b adminKeyProperties}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b PBBioManagerKeyProperties} {\b startKeyProperties}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
NSArray * {\b biometryContainers}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v changeState:\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:changeState:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) changeState: (PBBioManagerLifeCycleState) {\i newState}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Changes the state of the BioManager. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i newState} \cell }{The new state\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardBioManagerStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v deleteTemplate:\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:deleteTemplate:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) deleteTemplate: (PBFingerPosition) {\i position}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Deletes a biometric template {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i position} \cell }{Finger position.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardBioManagerStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v enrollFinger:usingHeader:withLength:andReferenceData:withLength:\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:enrollFinger:usingHeader:withLength:andReferenceData:withLength:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) enrollFinger: (PBFingerPosition) {\i position} usingHeader: (const unsigned char*) {\i biometricHeader} withLength: (unsigned char) {\i biometricHeaderLength} andReferenceData: (const unsigned char*) {\i referenceData} withLength: (unsigned short) {\i referenceDataLength}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stores / enrols a BioMatch 3 template on the card. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i position} \cell }{Finger position. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i biometricHeader} \cell }{The biometric header part of the enrolment data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i biometricHeaderLength} \cell }{The size of the biometric header in bytes \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i referenceData} \cell }{The reference part of the enrolment data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i referenceDataLength} \cell }{The size of the biometric reference data\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardBioManagerStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v enrollFinger:withTemplate:\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:enrollFinger:withTemplate:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) enrollFinger: (PBFingerPosition) {\i position} withTemplate: ({\b PBBiometryTemplate}*) {\i template_}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stores / enrols a BioMatch 3 template on the card. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i position} \cell }{Finger position. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i template_} \cell }{The biometric template\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardBioManagerStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v getHeaderForFinger:bioHeader:withLength:\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:getHeaderForFinger:bioHeader:withLength:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) getHeaderForFinger: (PBFingerPosition) {\i position} bioHeader: (unsigned char**) {\i header} withLength: (unsigned char*) {\i headerLength}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Retrieves the biometric header for an enrolled finger {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i position} \cell }{Finger position. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i header} \cell }{The biometric header. The caller is responsible to release the memory. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i headerLength} \cell }{the length of the biometric header.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardBioManagerStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v leaveVirginState:keyLength:\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:leaveVirginState:keyLength:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) leaveVirginState: (unsigned char**) {\i randomKey} keyLength: (unsigned char*) {\i keyLength}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Leaves the virgin state and receives the random start key {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i randomKey} \cell }{the start key generated by the card. The caller is responsible to release the memory. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i keyLength} \cell }{the length of the random key in bytes.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardBioManagerStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v resetAuthenticationStatus:\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:resetAuthenticationStatus:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) resetAuthenticationStatus: (PBFingerPosition) {\i position}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Resets the isAuthenticated flag for a biometric template. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i position} \cell }{Finger position.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardBioManagerStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v unlockTemplate:\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:unlockTemplate:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) unlockTemplate: (PBFingerPosition) {\i position}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Unlocks a locked biometric template. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i position} \cell }{Finger position.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardBioManagerStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v verifyAdminKey:withLength:\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:verifyAdminKey:withLength:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) verifyAdminKey: (unsigned char*) {\i key} withLength: (unsigned char) {\i keyLength}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Verifies the admin key {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i key} \cell }{is the admin key \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i keyLength} \cell }{is the length of the admin key\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardBioManagerStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v verifyFinger::::\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:verifyFinger::::}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) verifyFinger: (PBFingerPosition) {\i withVerificationData} : (unsigned char *) {\i ofLength} : (unsigned short) {\i didMatch} : (BOOL *) {\i match}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sends verification data to the card, performs a match-on-card for one finger and returns the match result as a boolean. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i position} \cell }{Finger position. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i verificationData} \cell }{The verification data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i verificationDataLength} \cell }{length of the vrification data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i match} \cell }{result of the on-card match. true if the match was as success, false otherwise.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardBioManagerStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v verifyStartKey:withLength:\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:verifyStartKey:withLength:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardBioManagerStatus) verifyStartKey: (unsigned char*) {\i key} withLength: (unsigned char) {\i keyLength}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Verifies the start key {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i key} \cell }{is the start key \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i keyLength} \cell }{is the length of the start key\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardBioManagerStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v adminKeyProperties\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:adminKeyProperties}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b PBBioManagerKeyProperties}) adminKeyProperties{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The administration key properties. \par
}}
{\xe \v bioManagerVersion\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:bioManagerVersion}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b NSString} *) bioManagerVersion{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACNZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACNZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Version of the BioManager applet coded as major.minor. \par
}}
{\xe \v biometryContainers\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:biometryContainers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (NSArray *) biometryContainers{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Array of BioManager containers ({\b PBSmartcardBioManagerContainer}). \par
}}
{\xe \v currentState\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:currentState}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBBioManagerLifeCycleState) currentState{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The current state of the BioManager applet. \par
}}
{\xe \v onCardMatchingAlgorithmVersion\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:onCardMatchingAlgorithmVersion}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b NSString} *) onCardMatchingAlgorithmVersion{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Version of the BioMatch package coded as major.minor. \par
}}
{\xe \v startKeyProperties\:PBSmartcardBioManager}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManager\:startKeyProperties}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b PBBioManagerKeyProperties}) startKeyProperties{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [atomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The start key properties. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBSmartcardBioManager.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBSmartcardBioManager.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBSmartcardBioManagerContainer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBSmartcardBioManagerContainer}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardBioManagerContainer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOE}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

unsigned char {\b retryCounter}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isLocked}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isAuthenticated}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isUsed}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

PBFingerPosition {\b fingerPosition}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOJ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBSmartcardBioManagerContainer.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBSmartcardIDStore Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBSmartcardIDStore}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardIDStore}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOK}
\par
{
Inherits {\b PBSmartcardBioManager}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardIDStoreStatus) - {\b writeData:ofLength:toContainer:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardIDStoreStatus) - {\b writeString:toContainer:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardIDStoreStatus) - {\b readData:ofLength:fromContainer:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardIDStoreStatus) - {\b readString:fromContainer:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(PBSmartcardIDStoreStatus) - {\b resetContainer:}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b PBSmartcardIDStore} *) + {\b sharedIDStore}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOL}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b dataContainers}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOM}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v readData:ofLength:fromContainer:\:PBSmartcardIDStore}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardIDStore\:readData:ofLength:fromContainer:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardIDStoreStatus) readData: (void**) {\i data} ofLength: (unsigned short) {\i length} fromContainer: (unsigned char) {\i container}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACON}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACON}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads a number of bytes from a container.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i data} \cell }{Buffer of data read from the card. The caller is responsible to release the memory. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i length} \cell }{Number of bytes to read \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i container} \cell }{Index of the container to read from.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardIDStoreStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v readString:fromContainer:\:PBSmartcardIDStore}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardIDStore\:readString:fromContainer:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardIDStoreStatus) readString: ({\b NSString}**) {\i string} fromContainer: (unsigned char) {\i container}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Reads a string from a container.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{out\cell }{{\i string} \cell }{String read from the card. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i container} \cell }{Index of the container to read from.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardIDStoreStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v resetContainer:\:PBSmartcardIDStore}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardIDStore\:resetContainer:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardIDStoreStatus) resetContainer: (unsigned char) {\i container}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Resets a container and erases all data written.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i container} \cell }{Index of the container to reset.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardIDStoreStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v writeData:ofLength:toContainer:\:PBSmartcardIDStore}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardIDStore\:writeData:ofLength:toContainer:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardIDStoreStatus) writeData: (void*) {\i data} ofLength: (unsigned short) {\i length} toContainer: (unsigned char) {\i container}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Writes data to a container.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i data} \cell }{Data to be written \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i length} \cell }{Length of the data to be written in bytes \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i container} \cell }{Index of the container to write to.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardIDStoreStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\xe \v writeString:toContainer:\:PBSmartcardIDStore}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardIDStore\:writeString:toContainer:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (PBSmartcardIDStoreStatus) writeString: ({\b NSString}*) {\i string} toContainer: (unsigned char) {\i container}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Writes a string to a container.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i string} \cell }{String to be written \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i container} \cell }{Index of the container to write to.\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid PBSmartcardIDStoreStatusSuccess if the write operation was succesful, otherwise an error code. \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBSmartcardIDStore.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBSmartcardIDStore.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBSmartcardIDStoreContainer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBSmartcardIDStoreContainer}
{\xe \v PBSmartcardIDStoreContainer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOS}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

PBSmartcardIDStoreAccessCondition {\b readAccess}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

PBSmartcardIDStoreAccessCondition {\b writeAccess}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b capacity}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b currentlyStored}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b inUse}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOX}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/Smartcard/PBSmartcardIDStoreContainer.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PBVerificationController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PBVerificationController}
{\xe \v PBVerificationController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOY}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <PBVerificationController.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}, and {\b <PBBiometryGUI>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(id) - {\b initWithDatabase:andFingers:andDelegate:andTitle:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b choosePreviousFinger:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACOZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACOZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b chooseNextFinger:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPA}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UIView} * {\b insideView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b errorLabel1}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b errorLabel2}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b errorLabel3}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b errorLabel4}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b titleLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b processingLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b currentFingerImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIActivityIndicatorView * {\b activityIndicator}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b decisionImage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b decisionLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b fadeLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
IBOutlet UIButton * {\b previousFingerButton}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b nextFingerButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b PBBiometryDatabase} > {\b database}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b fingers}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PBBiometryFinger} * {\b firstFinger}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b PBVerificationDelegate} > {\b delegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b title}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSUInteger {\b indexOfFingerToVerifyAgainst}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b restartVerification}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b continueAnimation}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b insideAnimation}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPW}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
id< {\b PBBiometryVerifier} > {\b verifier}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b PBBiometryVerifyConfig} * {\b config}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
BOOL {\b verifyAgainstAllFingers}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Controller responsible for the verification process. The user is prompted to swipe any finger (of the registered ones) in order to verify him/herself. When the verification is completed the delegate of the controller will be notified through the verificationVerifiedFinger: method. The user may choose to cancel the verification process at any time.\par
It is recommended that the verification controller is presented as a modal view controller using the presentModalViewController method. Note that first placing the verification controller in a navigation controller and then presenting the navigation controller as a modal view controller will set a navigationbar and toolbar for the verification controller.\par
Example: PBVerificationController* verificationController = [[{\b PBVerificationController} alloc] initWithDatabase:database ...]; UINavigationController* navController = [[UINavigationController alloc] initWithRootViewController:verificationController];\par
[self presentModalViewController:navController animated:YES]; \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v initWithDatabase:andFingers:andDelegate:andTitle:\:PBVerificationController}
{\xe \v PBVerificationController\:initWithDatabase:andFingers:andDelegate:andTitle:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id) initWithDatabase: (id<{\b PBBiometryDatabase}>) {\i aDatabase} andFingers: (NSArray*) {\i theFingers} andDelegate: (id <{\b PBVerificationDelegate}>) {\i aDelegate} andTitle: ({\b NSString}*) {\i aTitle}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initializes the verification controller.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i aDatabase} \cell }{is the database where the enrolled templates are stored. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i theFingers} \cell }{is the fingers to verify against. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i aDelegate} \cell }{is the delegate to be called when the verification process is completed using the verificationVerifiedFinger method. \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx1224
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx3061
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{in\cell }{{\i aTitle} \cell }{is the title on the verification view giving the user an understanding of what content that is being verified. \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v previousFingerButton\:PBVerificationController}
{\xe \v PBVerificationController\:previousFingerButton}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (IBOutlet UIButton*) previousFingerButton{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The buttons for switching to another finger, if verifyAgainstAllFingers is set to NO. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Property Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v config\:PBVerificationController}
{\xe \v PBVerificationController\:config}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- ({\b PBBiometryVerifyConfig} *) config{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [retain]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACPZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACPZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The config parameters for the verification. If nil, the default config parameters will be used. \par
}}
{\xe \v verifier\:PBVerificationController}
{\xe \v PBVerificationController\:verifier}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (id< {\b PBBiometryVerifier} >) verifier{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [retain]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Verifier, in case the default verifier shall not be used, e.g. for match on card. \par
}}
{\xe \v verifyAgainstAllFingers\:PBVerificationController}
{\xe \v PBVerificationController\:verifyAgainstAllFingers}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (BOOL) verifyAgainstAllFingers{\f2 [read]}, {\f2 [write]}, {\f2 [nonatomic]}, {\f2 [assign]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tells if the verification is done against all of the enrolled fingers or if the user has to choose finger to verify against. E.g. for match on card it is better to only verify against one finger, since otherwise it is likely that fingers are accidently locked by the card itself. Default YES. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBVerificationController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBVerificationController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<PBVerificationDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <PBVerificationDelegate>}
{\xe \v <PBVerificationDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQC}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b PBManageFingersController}, and {\b SearchPatientViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) - {\b verificationVerifiedFinger:}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v verificationVerifiedFinger:\:PBVerificationDelegate-p}
{\xe \v PBVerificationDelegate-p\:verificationVerifiedFinger:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (void) verificationVerifiedFinger: ({\b PBBiometryFinger} *) {\i finger}{\f2 [required]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tells that the verification process has been completed and which finger that matched. If finger is nil, then the verification failed or was cancelled. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
reference/PBVerificationController.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PharmacyPatientViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PharmacyPatientViewController}
{\xe \v PharmacyPatientViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQE}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b checkoutPatient:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQG}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQH}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b patientData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b prescriptionData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b visitationData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableArray * {\b prescriptions}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b medName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b patientNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b familyNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b villageNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b patientAgeField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b patientSexField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b patientPhoto}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITableView * {\b tableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQT}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PharmacyPatientViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PharmacyPatientViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PharmacyPatientViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PharmacyPatientViewController()}
{\xe \v PharmacyPatientViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQU}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PharmacyPatientViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PharmacyPrescriptionCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PharmacyPrescriptionCell}
{\xe \v PharmacyPrescriptionCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQV}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PharmacyPrescriptionViewController} * {\b viewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQW}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PharmacyPrescriptionCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PharmacyPrescriptionViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PharmacyPrescriptionViewController}
{\xe \v PharmacyPrescriptionViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQX}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b medicationDispensed:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQY}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b timeOfDayButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACQZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACQZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b drugNameLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b timeOfDayLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b numberOfPrescriptionLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextView * {\b doctorsNotesField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b dispensedButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b medicationDispensedLabel}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRF}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PharmacyPrescriptionViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PharmacyPrescriptionViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PharmacyPrescriptionViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PharmacyPrescriptionViewController()}
{\xe \v PharmacyPrescriptionViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRG}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PharmacyPrescriptionViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PharmacyViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PharmacyViewController}
{\xe \v PharmacyViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRH}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRI}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRJ}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b SearchPatientViewController} * {\b viewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b patientData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b SearchPatientViewController} * {\b control}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITableView * {\b tableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRN}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PharmacyViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PharmacyViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PharmacyViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PharmacyViewController()}
{\xe \v PharmacyViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRO}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PharmacyViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PrescribePatientViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PrescribePatientViewController}
{\xe \v PrescribePatientViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRP}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PrescribePatientViewController.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PrescribePatientViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PrescribePatientViewController()}
{\xe \v PrescribePatientViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRQ}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PrescribePatientViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Prescription Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Prescription}
{\xe \v Prescription}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRR}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b instructions}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b medicationId}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b prescribedTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b tabletPerDay}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b timeOfDay}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b visitId}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b prescriptionId}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRY}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/Prescription.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PrescriptionObject Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PrescriptionObject}
{\xe \v PrescriptionObject}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACRZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACRZ}
\par
{
Inherits {\b BaseObject}, {\b <PrescriptionObjectProtocol>}, and {\b <CommonObjectProtocol>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b Prescription} * {\b prescription}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSA}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PrescriptionObject.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<PrescriptionObjectProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <PrescriptionObjectProtocol>}
{\xe \v <PrescriptionObjectProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSB}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b PrescriptionObject}.}\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
PrescriptionObjectProtocol.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PreviousVisitsTableCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PreviousVisitsTableCell}
{\xe \v PreviousVisitsTableCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSC}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PreviousVisitsViewController} * {\b viewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSD}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PreviousVisitsTableCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PreviousVisitsTableCell() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PreviousVisitsTableCell()}
{\xe \v PreviousVisitsTableCell()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSE}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PreviousVisitsTableCell.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PreviousVisitsViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PreviousVisitsViewController}
{\xe \v PreviousVisitsViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSF}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b patientData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b patientHistoryArray}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITableView * {\b patientHistoryTableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSI}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PreviousVisitsViewController.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PreviousVisitsViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PreviousVisitsViewController()}
{\xe \v PreviousVisitsViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSJ}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PreviousVisitsViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
PreviousVisitTableCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v PreviousVisitTableCell}
{\xe \v PreviousVisitTableCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSK}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PreviousVisitsViewController} * {\b viewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSL}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PreviousVisitTableCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Queue Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Queue}
{\xe \v Queue}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSM}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSData * {\b data}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b title}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b pId}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSP}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Queue.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
QueueManager Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v QueueManager}
{\xe \v QueueManager}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSQ}
\par
{
Inherits {\b BaseObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addQueueToDatabase:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b removeQueueObject:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b sendQueObjectToServer:andOnComplete:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACST}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACST}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSArray *) - {\b getAllQueuedObjects}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b Queue} *) - {\b getNewQueue}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b sendArrayOfQueuedObjectsToServer:onCompletion:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSW}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSData *) + {\b ArchiveDictionary:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSX}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
QueueManager.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
QueueManager.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
QueueTableCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v QueueTableCell}
{\xe \v QueueTableCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSY}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACSZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACSZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientConditionTitle}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b employeeName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet {\b UILabel} * {\b patientWaitTime}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b patientPhoto}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextView * {\b priorityIndicator}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTE}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/PatientQueueViewController.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Reachability Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Reachability}
{\xe \v Reachability}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTF}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b Reachability} *) - {\b initWithReachabilityRef:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b startNotifier}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b stopNotifier}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isEqual:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NetworkStatus) - {\b currentReachabilityStatus}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isReachable}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isConnectionRequired}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b connectionRequired}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isConnectionOnDemand}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isInterventionRequired}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isReachableViaWWAN}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isReachableViaWiFi}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(SCNetworkReachabilityFlags) - {\b reachabilityFlags}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTS}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b Reachability} *) + {\b reachabilityWithHostName:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b Reachability} *) + {\b reachabilityWithAddress:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b Reachability} *) + {\b reachabilityForInternetConnection}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b Reachability} *) + {\b reachabilityForLocalWiFi}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTW}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b key}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTX}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Reachability.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Reachability.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Reachability(private) Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Reachability(private)}
{\xe \v Reachability(private)}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTY}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NetworkStatus) - {\b networkStatusForFlags:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACTZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACTZ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Reachability.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
RegisterPatientTableCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v RegisterPatientTableCell}
{\xe \v RegisterPatientTableCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUA}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b RegisterPatientViewController} * {\b viewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUB}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/RegisterPatientTableCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
RegisterPatientViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v RegisterPatientViewController}
{\xe \v RegisterPatientViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUC}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b registerFingerprintsButton:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b patientPhotoButton:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(IBAction) - {\b createPatient:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b validateRegistration}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b getAgeOfPatient:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b resetData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUI}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b CameraFacade} * {\b facade}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldDismiss}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUL}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b patientNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b familyNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b villageNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b patientAgeField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b patientPhoto}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UISegmentedControl * {\b patientSexSegment}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b createPatientButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIButton * {\b registerFingerprintsButton}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b patient}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUU}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v createPatient:\:RegisterPatientViewController}
{\xe \v RegisterPatientViewController\:createPatient:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (IBAction) createPatient: (id) {\i sender}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This will create a patient locally and on the server. The patient created on the server will be locked automatically. This is done because of the workflow of the system To unlock the patient see the documentation for the {\b PatientObject}\par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/RegisterPatientViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/RegisterPatientViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
RegisterPatientViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v RegisterPatientViewController()}
{\xe \v RegisterPatientViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUW}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/RegisterPatientViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
RegisterPatientViewControllerTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v RegisterPatientViewControllerTest}
{\xe \v RegisterPatientViewControllerTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUX}
\par
{
Inherits {\b GHAsyncTestCase}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/RegisterPatientViewControllerTest.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
RNBlurModalView Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v RNBlurModalView}
{\xe \v RNBlurModalView}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUY}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIView}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithViewController:view:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACUZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACUZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithViewController:title:message:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b show}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b showWithDuration:delay:options:completion:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b hide}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b hideWithDuration:delay:options:completion:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVE}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isVisible}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGFloat {\b animationDuration}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGFloat {\b animationDelay}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIViewAnimationOptions {\b animationOptions}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVI}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RNBlurModalView.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
RNBlurModalView() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v RNBlurModalView()}
{\xe \v RNBlurModalView()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVJ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b isVisible}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVK}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RNBlurModalView.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
RNBlurView Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v RNBlurView}
{\xe \v RNBlurView}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVL}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithCoverView:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVM}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RNBlurModalView.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
RNCloseButton Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v RNCloseButton}
{\xe \v RNCloseButton}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVN}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RNBlurModalView.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
SCARD_IO_REQUEST Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v SCARD_IO_REQUEST}
{\xe \v SCARD_IO_REQUEST}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVO}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <winscard.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
unsigned long {\b dwProtocol}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
unsigned long {\b cbPciLength}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Protocol Control Information (PCI) \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v cbPciLength\:SCARD_IO_REQUEST}
{\xe \v SCARD_IO_REQUEST\:cbPciLength}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
unsigned long SCARD_IO_REQUEST::cbPciLength}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Protocol Control Inf Length \par
}}
{\xe \v dwProtocol\:SCARD_IO_REQUEST}
{\xe \v SCARD_IO_REQUEST\:dwProtocol}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
unsigned long SCARD_IO_REQUEST::dwProtocol}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Protocol identifier \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/winscard.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
SCARD_READERSTATE Struct Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v SCARD_READERSTATE}
{\xe \v SCARD_READERSTATE}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVR}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <winscard.h>}}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
const char * {\b szReader}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void * {\b pvUserData}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
DWORD {\b dwCurrentState}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
DWORD {\b dwEventState}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
DWORD {\b cbAtr}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
unsigned char {\b rgbAtr} [33]\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Used by functions for tracking smart cards within readers. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v cbAtr\:SCARD_READERSTATE}
{\xe \v SCARD_READERSTATE\:cbAtr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
DWORD SCARD_READERSTATE::cbAtr}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Number of bytes in the returned ATR. \par
}}
{\xe \v dwCurrentState\:SCARD_READERSTATE}
{\xe \v SCARD_READERSTATE\:dwCurrentState}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
DWORD SCARD_READERSTATE::dwCurrentState}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Current state of the reader, as seen by the application. This field can \par
}
 take on any of the {\b reader states}, in combination, as a bitmask. \par
}}
{\xe \v dwEventState\:SCARD_READERSTATE}
{\xe \v SCARD_READERSTATE\:dwEventState}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
DWORD SCARD_READERSTATE::dwEventState}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Current state of the reader, as known by the smart card resource \par
}
 manager. This field can take on any of the {\b reader states}, in combination, as a bitmask. \par
}}
{\xe \v pvUserData\:SCARD_READERSTATE}
{\xe \v SCARD_READERSTATE\:pvUserData}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void* SCARD_READERSTATE::pvUserData}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Not used by the smart card subsystem. This member is used by the \par
}
 application \par
}}
{\xe \v rgbAtr\:SCARD_READERSTATE}
{\xe \v SCARD_READERSTATE\:rgbAtr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
unsigned char SCARD_READERSTATE::rgbAtr[33]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
ATR of the inserted card. \par
}}
{\xe \v szReader\:SCARD_READERSTATE}
{\xe \v SCARD_READERSTATE\:szReader}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
const char* SCARD_READERSTATE::szReader}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A pointer to the name of the reader being monitored. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
include/winscard.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<SCOperationDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <SCOperationDelegate>}
{\xe \v <SCOperationDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVY}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b operationFailedFrom:withError:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACVZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACVZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b operationDidSucceedFrom:withObject:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWA}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
SCOperationDelegate.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<ScreenNavigationDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <ScreenNavigationDelegate>}
{\xe \v <ScreenNavigationDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWB}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWC}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ScreenNavigationDelegate.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
SearchPatientTableCell Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v SearchPatientTableCell}
{\xe \v SearchPatientTableCell}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b SearchPatientViewController} * {\b viewController}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWE}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/SearchPatientTableCell.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
SearchPatientViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v SearchPatientViewController}
{\xe \v SearchPatientViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWF}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}, and {\b <PBVerificationDelegate>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b searchByNameButton:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(IBAction) - {\b searchByFingerprintButton:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b resetData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWI}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b shouldDismiss}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWK}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

MCMode {\b mode}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b patientData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSArray * {\b patientSearchResultsArray}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b patientNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b familyNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITableView * {\b searchResultTableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

UIButton * {\b patientFound}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWR}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v searchByFingerprintButton:\:SearchPatientViewController}
{\xe \v SearchPatientViewController\:searchByFingerprintButton:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
- (IBAction) searchByFingerprintButton: (id) {\i sender}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This will should HUD in tableview to show alert the user that the system is working\par
This will remove the HUD since the search is complete \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/SearchPatientViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/SearchPatientViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
SearchPatientViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v SearchPatientViewController()}
{\xe \v SearchPatientViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWT}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/SearchPatientViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Server Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Server}
{\xe \v Server}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWU}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithProtocol:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithDomainName:protocol:name:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b start:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b sendData:error:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b connectToRemoteService:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACWZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACWZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b stop}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b stopBrowser}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXB}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
turns of browsing for like protocol bonjour services }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b _domain}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b _protocol}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b _name}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

uint16_t {\b _port}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

uint8_t {\b _payloadSize}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CFSocketRef {\b _socket}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNetService * {\b _netService}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInputStream * {\b _inputStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSOutputStream * {\b _outputStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b _inputStreamReady}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b _outputStreamReady}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b _outputStreamHasSpace}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b ServerDelegate} > {\b _delegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNetServiceBrowser * {\b _browser}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNetService * {\b _currentlyResolvingService}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNetService * {\b _localService}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXR}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b ServerDelegate} > {\b delegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

uint8_t {\b payloadSize}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXT}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Server.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Server.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Server() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Server()}
{\xe \v Server()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXU}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b domain}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b protocol}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b name}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNetService * {\b netService}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

uint16_t {\b port}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACXZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACXZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSInputStream * {\b inputStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSOutputStream * {\b outputStream}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b inputStreamReady}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b outputStreamReady}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b outputStreamHasSpace}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNetServiceBrowser * {\b browser}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNetService * {\b localService}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNetService * {\b currentlyResolvingService}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYH}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Server.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Server(Private) Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Server(Private)}
{\xe \v Server(Private)}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYI}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b _streamCompletedOpening:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b _streamHasBytes:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b _streamHasSpace:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b _streamEncounteredEnd:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b _streamEncounteredError:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b _remoteServiceResolved:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b _connectedToInputStream:outputStream:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b _searchForServicesOfType:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b _publishNetService}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b _stopStreams}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b _stopNetService}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYT}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Server.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ServerCore Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ServerCore}
{\xe \v ServerCore}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYU}
\par
{
Inherits {\b HTTPCore}, {\b <GCDAsyncSocketDelegate>}, and {\b <ServerProtocol>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isClientConntectToServer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b getCurrentConnectionName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSInteger) - {\b numberOfConnections}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYX}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNetServiceBrowser * {\b netServiceBrowser}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNetService * {\b serverService}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACYZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACYZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableArray * {\b serverAddresses}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b GCDAsyncSocket} * {\b asyncSocket}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableData * {\b globalData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ClientServerConnect {\b connectionStatus}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZD}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ServerCore.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ServerCore.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ServerCore(Private) Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ServerCore(Private)}
{\xe \v ServerCore(Private)}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZE}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b connectToNextAddress}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZF}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ServerCore.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<ServerDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <ServerDelegate>}
{\xe \v <ServerDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZG}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b ServerWrapper}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b serverRemoteConnectionComplete:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b serverStopped:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b server:didNotStart:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b server:didAcceptData:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b server:lostConnection:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZL}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b serviceAdded:moreComing:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b serviceRemoved:moreComing:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZN}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Server.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<ServerProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <ServerProtocol>}
{\xe \v <ServerProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZO}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b ServerCore}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b startClient}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b stopClient}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isShuttingDown}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isProcessing}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b sendData:withOnComplete:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b isClientConntectToServer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setConnectionStatusHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZV}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b sharedInstance}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZW}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ServerProtocol.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
ServerWrapper Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v ServerWrapper}
{\xe \v ServerWrapper}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZX}
\par
{
Inherits {\b HTTPCore}, and {\b <ServerDelegate>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b init}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b NSString} *) - {\b getCurrentConnectionName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAACZZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAACZZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b stopServer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b startServer}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b connectToServiceAtSelectedIndex:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b sendData:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAD}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) + {\b sharedServerManager}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAE}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b Server} * {\b server}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ServerObject {\b dataToBeTransmitted}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAG}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableArray * {\b devices}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

int {\b currentConnectionIndex}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAI}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ServerWrapper.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ServerWrapper.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
StationNavigationController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v StationNavigationController}
{\xe \v StationNavigationController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAJ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b stationChosen}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAK}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/StationNavigationController.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
StationNavigationController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v StationNavigationController()}
{\xe \v StationNavigationController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAL}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/StationNavigationController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
StationViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v StationViewController}
{\xe \v StationViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAM}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b logout:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b triageButton:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b doctorButton:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(IBAction) - {\b pharmacyButton:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAQ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/StationViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/StationViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
StationViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v StationViewController()}
{\xe \v StationViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAR}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/StationViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<StationViewHandlerProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <StationViewHandlerProtocol>}
{\xe \v <StationViewHandlerProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAS}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAT}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/StationViewHandlerProtocol.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
StatusObject Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v StatusObject}
{\xe \v StatusObject}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAU}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}, and {\b <BaseObjectProtocol>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b errorMessage}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSDictionary * {\b data}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ServerStatus {\b status}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id {\b client}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ObjectTypes {\b objectType}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADAZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

RemoteCommands {\b commands}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBA}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
StatusObject.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<StatusObjectProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <StatusObjectProtocol>}
{\xe \v <StatusObjectProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBB}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
StatusObjectProtocol.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
TestFlight Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v TestFlight}
{\xe \v TestFlight}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBC}
\par
{
{\f2 #import <TestFlight.h>}}\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) + {\b addCustomEnvironmentInformation:forKey:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) + {\b takeOff:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) + {\b setOptions:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) + {\b passCheckpoint:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) + {\b openFeedbackView}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) + {\b submitFeedback:}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
(void) + {\b setDeviceIdentifier:}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b TestFlight} object All methods are class level \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v addCustomEnvironmentInformation:forKey:\:TestFlight}
{\xe \v TestFlight\:addCustomEnvironmentInformation:forKey:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (void) addCustomEnvironmentInformation: ({\b NSString} *) {\i information} forKey: ({\b NSString} *) {\i key}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Add custom environment information If you want to track custom information such as a user name from your application you can add it here\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i information} \cell }{A string containing the environment you are storing \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i key} \cell }{The key to store the information with \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v openFeedbackView\:TestFlight}
{\xe \v TestFlight\:openFeedbackView}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (void) openFeedbackView }}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Opens a feedback window that is not attached to a checkpoint \par
}}
{\xe \v passCheckpoint:\:TestFlight}
{\xe \v TestFlight\:passCheckpoint:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (void) passCheckpoint: ({\b NSString} *) {\i checkpointName}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Track when a user has passed a checkpoint after the flight has taken off. Eg. passed level 1, posted high score\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i checkpointName} \cell }{The name of the checkpoint, this should be a static string \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setDeviceIdentifier:\:TestFlight}
{\xe \v TestFlight\:setDeviceIdentifier:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (void) setDeviceIdentifier: ({\b NSString} *) {\i deviceIdentifer}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets the Device Identifier. The SDK no longer obtains the device unique identifier. This method should only be used during testing so that you can identify a testers test data with them. If you do not provide the identifier you will still see all session data, with checkpoints and logs, but the data will be anonymized. It is recommended that you only use this method during testing. We also recommended that you wrap this method with a pre-processor directive that is only active for non-app store builds. #ifndef RELEASE [{\b TestFlight} setDeviceIdentifier:[[UIDevice currentDevice] uniqueIdentifier]]; #endif\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i deviceIdentifer} \cell }{The current devices device identifier \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setOptions:\:TestFlight}
{\xe \v TestFlight\:setOptions:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (void) setOptions: (NSDictionary *) {\i options}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Sets custom options\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i options} \cell }{NSDictionary containing the options you want to set available options are described below\cell }
{\row }
}
Option Accepted Values Description reinstallCrashHandlers [ NSNumber numberWithBool:YES ] Reinstalls crash handlers, to be used if a third party library installs crash handlers overtop of the {\b TestFlight} Crash Handlers logToConsole [ NSNumber numberWithBool:YES ] YES - default, sends log statements to Apple System Log and {\b TestFlight} log NO - sends log statements to {\b TestFlight} log only logToSTDERR [ NSNumber numberWithBool:YES ] YES - default, sends log statements to STDERR when debugger is attached NO - sends log statements to {\b TestFlight} log only sendLogOnlyOnCrash [ NSNumber numberWithBool:YES ] NO - default, sends logs to {\b TestFlight} at the end of every session YES - sends logs statements to {\b TestFlight} only if there was a crash attachBacktraceToFeedback [ NSNumber numberWithBool:YES ] NO - default, feedback is sent exactly as the user enters it YES - attaches the current backtrace, with symbols, to the feedback. disableInAppUpdates [ NSNumber numberWithBool:YES ] NO - default, in application updates are allowed YES - the in application update screen will not be displayed \par
}}
{\xe \v submitFeedback:\:TestFlight}
{\xe \v TestFlight\:submitFeedback:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (void) submitFeedback: ({\b NSString} *) {\i feedback}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Submits custom feedback to the site. Sends the data in feedback to the site. This is to be used as the method to submit feedback from custom feedback forms.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i feedback} \cell }{Your users feedback, method does nothing if feedback is nil \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v takeOff:\:TestFlight}
{\xe \v TestFlight\:takeOff:}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
+ (void) takeOff: ({\b NSString} *) {\i teamToken}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts a {\b TestFlight} session\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i teamToken} \cell }{Will be your team token obtained from {\f2 https://testflightapp.com/dashboard/team/edit/} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
TestFlightSDK1.1/TestFlight.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
TriagePatientViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v TriagePatientViewController}
{\xe \v TriagePatientViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBK}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBL}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBM}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b patientData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b CurrentVisitViewController} * {\b control1}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b PreviousVisitsViewController} * {\b control2}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b patientNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b familyNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b villageNameField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b patientAgeField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITextField * {\b patientSexField}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIImageView * {\b patientPhoto}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITableView * {\b tableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIToolbar * {\b toolBar}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UISegmentedControl * {\b segmentedControl}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBY}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/TriagePatientViewController.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/TriagePatientViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
TriagePatientViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v TriagePatientViewController()}
{\xe \v TriagePatientViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADBZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADBZ}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/TriagePatientViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
TriageViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v TriageViewController}
{\xe \v TriageViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCA}
\par
{
Inherits {\b UIViewController}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b setScreenHandler:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCB}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ScreenHandler {\b handler}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCC}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSMutableDictionary * {\b patientData}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b RegisterPatientViewController} * {\b registerControl}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b SearchPatientViewController} * {\b searchControl}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UITableView * {\b tableView}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UIToolbar * {\b toolBar}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

IBOutlet UISegmentedControl * {\b segmentedControl}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCI}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/TriageViewController.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
TriageViewController() Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v TriageViewController()}
{\xe \v TriageViewController()}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCJ}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/TriageViewController.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
TriageViewControllerTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v TriageViewControllerTest}
{\xe \v TriageViewControllerTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCK}
\par
{
Inherits {\b GHAsyncTestCase}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
MobileClinicTests/TriageViewControllerTest.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UICamera Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UICamera}
{\xe \v UICamera}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCL}
\par
{
Inherits {\b NSObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initInView:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(id) - {\b initWithPopover:button:popoverController:inView:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b takeAPicture:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b takeAVideo:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b takePictureFromAlbum:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCQ}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

dispatch_queue_t {\b multiThread}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

__block UIPopoverController * {\b pop}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGRect {\b button}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCT}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b UIViewController} * {\b view}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

TakePicture {\b camera}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCV}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b CAMERA}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

BOOL {\b usePopover}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

ALAssetsLibrary * {\b library}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

id< {\b UICameraDelegate} > {\b delegate}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADCZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADCZ}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UICamera.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UICamera.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<UICameraDelegate> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <UICameraDelegate>}
{\xe \v <UICameraDelegate>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDA}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b CameraFacade}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b cameraCancelledOperation}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDB}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UICamera.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UIImage Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UIImage}
{\xe \v UIImage}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDC}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RNBlurModalView.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UIImage(Blur) Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UIImage(Blur)}
{\xe \v UIImage(Blur)}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b UIImage} *) - {\b boxblurImageWithBlur:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDE}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RNBlurModalView.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UILabel Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UILabel}
{\xe \v UILabel}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDF}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RNBlurModalView.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UILabel(AutoSize) Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UILabel(AutoSize)}
{\xe \v UILabel(AutoSize)}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDG}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b autoHeight}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDH}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RNBlurModalView.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UIView Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UIView}
{\xe \v UIView}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDI}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b AJNotificationView}, {\b GHImageDiffView}, {\b GHUnitIOSView}, {\b MBProgressHUD}, {\b MBRoundProgressView}, and {\b RNBlurModalView}.}\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RNBlurModalView.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UIView(Screenshot) Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UIView(Screenshot)}
{\xe \v UIView(Screenshot)}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDJ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

({\b UIImage} *) - {\b screenshot}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDK}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RNBlurModalView.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UIView(Sizes) Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UIView(Sizes)}
{\xe \v UIView(Sizes)}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDL}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGFloat {\b left}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDM}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGFloat {\b top}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGFloat {\b right}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGFloat {\b bottom}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGFloat {\b width}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDQ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGFloat {\b height}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDR}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGPoint {\b origin}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDS}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

CGSize {\b size}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDT}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
RNBlurModalView.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UIViewController Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UIViewController}
{\xe \v UIViewController}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDU}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b ASIAutorotatingViewController}, {\b CurrentDiagnosisViewController}, {\b CurrentVisitViewController}, {\b DateController}, {\b DoctorPatientViewController}, {\b DoctorPrescriptionViewController}, {\b DoctorViewController}, {\b GenericStartViewController}, {\b GHUnitIOSTestViewController}, {\b GHUnitIOSViewController}, {\b LoginViewController}, {\b MedicineSearchViewController}, {\b PatientDashboardViewController}, {\b PatientQueueViewController}, {\b PBDisconnectionViewController}, {\b PBEnrollmentController}, {\b PBFingerPickerController}, {\b PBManageFingersController}, {\b PBPractice1Controller}, {\b PBPractice2Controller}, {\b PBPractice3Controller}, {\b PBPractice4Controller}, {\b PBPracticeController}, {\b PBVerificationController}, {\b PharmacyPatientViewController}, {\b PharmacyPrescriptionViewController}, {\b PharmacyViewController}, {\b PrescribePatientViewController}, {\b PreviousVisitsViewController}, {\b RegisterPatientViewController}, {\b SearchPatientViewController}, {\b StationViewController}, {\b TriagePatientViewController}, and {\b TriageViewController}.}\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UIViewControllerExt.m\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
UserObject Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v UserObject}
{\xe \v UserObject}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDV}
\par
{
Inherits {\b BaseObject}, {\b <UserObjectProtocol>}, and {\b <CommonObjectProtocol>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b Users} * {\b user}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDW}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UserObject.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<UserObjectProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <UserObjectProtocol>}
{\xe \v <UserObjectProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDX}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b UserObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b loginWithUsername:andPassword:onCompletion:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDY}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
UserObjectProtocol.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Users Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Users}
{\xe \v Users}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADDZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADDZ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addPatientObject:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b removePatientObject:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addPatient:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b removePatient:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADED}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADED}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b email}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b firstName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEF}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b lastName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEG}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b password}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEH}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b status}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEI}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b userName}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b userType}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSSet * {\b patient}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEL}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/Users.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Visitation Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Visitation}
{\xe \v Visitation}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEM}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addPrescriptionObject:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEN}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b removePrescriptionObject:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEO}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b addPrescription:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEP}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b removePrescription:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEQ}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Properties\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b bloodPressure}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADER}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADER}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b condition}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADES}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADES}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b diagnosisTitle}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADET}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADET}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b doctorId}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEU}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSDate} * {\b doctorIn}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEV}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSDate} * {\b doctorOut}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEW}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b isGraphic}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEX}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b nurseId}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEY}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b observation}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADEZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADEZ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b patientId}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADFA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADFA}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSDate} * {\b triageIn}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADFB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADFB}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSDate} * {\b triageOut}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADFC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADFC}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b NSString} * {\b visitationId}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADFD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADFD}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSNumber * {\b weight}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADFE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADFE}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

NSSet * {\b prescription}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADFF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADFF}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mobile Clinic/Visitation.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
VisitationObject Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v VisitationObject}
{\xe \v VisitationObject}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADFG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADFG}
\par
{
Inherits {\b BaseObject}, {\b <VisitationObjectProtocol>}, and {\b <CommonObjectProtocol>}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

{\b Visitation} * {\b visit}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADFH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADFH}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
VisitationObject.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
<VisitationObjectProtocol> Protocol Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v <VisitationObjectProtocol>}
{\xe \v <VisitationObjectProtocol>}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADFI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADFI}
\par
{
Inherited by {\b VisitationObject}.}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(void) - {\b SyncAllOpenVisitsOnServer:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADFJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADFJ}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(NSArray *) - {\b FindAllOpenVisitsLocally}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADFK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADFK}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

(BOOL) - {\b shouldSetCurrentVisitToOpen:}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAADFL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAADFL}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this protocol was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
VisitationObjectProtocol.h\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Index\par 
\pard\plain 
{\tc \v Index}
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst INDEX \\c2 \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt INDEX}}
}